Check out the Sandisk online helper videos!!!. I was ready to take this player back to the store! I checked the sandisk web site and stumbled across a link to 
Very good stereo at a great price. This is a very nice stereo with great sound at a great price, I bought this for my wife for her birthday and 
Love it. This is a perfect space saving bedroom tv. The DVD player is awesome and plays any disk you put in it - Divx, jpegs, mp3s, etc. Awesome for 
Good batteries, great price. I bought three boxes of these and have had great success with them. I can t tell the difference between these and Duracell s or Energizers. 
What a man needs. This is an upgrade for most ipaq users of the 1900 series. it s a great midrange pda but some application are slow or have problems 
Worked well. I used it to mount a 50 inch Phillips plasma panel - 130 lbs. Worked fine, but watch how you mount the brackets to the TV. I mounted 
Fun and helpful. This thing kind of sucks you in. I purchased it last year and really liked it. Then I let the monthly subscription lapse during my move and 
Great System. This is an excellent home theater system for the money. It has all of the inputs and outputs I could ever use and it sounds great  
It Works Great. This lavalier microphone works great and is very easy to figure out. Well worth while if you re trying to record an individual talking onto a camcorder 
Great case. I ordered this case and I really like it. It is sturdy yet neat design. It is a great little case  
Great Hi-MD Player!. I thought it was finally time to replace my Irock 520 32MB mp3 player. I looked around, but I couldn t find anything that really suited it, 
great DVD tower. I love this. Now my DVD s are in order and they fit perfectly  
Very good product. The phone is not bulky like the one I had before.Well designed,user friendly.The answering machine works well.So far,I cannot find anything wrong with this product  
Great all-around headset. Let me first start by stating that I am a musician with a very discriminating ear, especially when it comes to clarity and comfort in terms of 
Best paper for me. I ve tried several different kinds of photo paper, and this has consistently been the best for me. CompUSA brand paper yellows within a couple weeks. 
Just real Black ink. Like many inkjet users, I have tried to save some money by buying third party inks. Well there is such a difference it is amazing. My 
Great buy. I bought these speakers for surround speakers. I have been very happy with how they sound with my Polks S-4 s. They have a soft dome tweeter like 
Pretty Good Little MP3 player. I love the capacity and overall design. I just wish it were a little bit louder. It s so so on battery life  
I love the Zire... When my Zire 72 recently suffered a screen malfunction, I started shopping for a newer model -- I thought I d find an updated Palm with 
excellent cable, excellent price. The was the lowest price for this cable i could find in the internet,  
Item looks awesome, but there was a problem... An acquaintance connected this and it played well for 5-10 minutes. After that, the songs began skipping, or even worse, freezing. In 
GeForce 7600GS review. The board was a quick and easy way to make my older Sony Viao computer run Flight Sim X.The instructions should tell users that it will work 
great flat TV mount. I was initially looking at a 32 tv, and was set on this mount. Then my wife and i decided to go for a 40 ... 
Just real Black ink. Like many inkjet users, I have tried to save some money by buying third party inks. Well there is such a difference it is amazing. My 
last 4x longer than alkaline batteries. my digital camera ate up batteries like mad. alkaline batteries only lasted 45mins, with lcd off. tried out these batteries. on the first charge 
Great. First of all, let my point out that mine came with demos of crimson skies and mech assault and the full version of xbox classic arcade. Mine was new 
Great Service and Support. Exactly what I ordered, when I needed it. I recommend this supplier  
 Excelent . IT was the perfect gift for my boy, he always use it everywhere. But he just broke the tv ant, but the rest its coollll  
sharp EL-506WBBK by 123infinity . I am a scientist and have had calculators made over the years by HP, Casio, TI, Sharp and others. I own 2 recently produced top-of-the-line 
I m 95 happy with it!. I also live in Northern California like another reviewer of this product. I live in the North Bay and work in Oakland, so there 
Excellent!. Very good product and surprise that I can get 2500 photos with this! The price is lower than most stores..  
Great Product but with a faulty component. The cabled remote control s headphone jack is faulty and one side has no sound during play back. This problem has been reported 
Best Buy!. With the growing number of PCs and Laptops in my house I decided it was time to install a network. I need a cheap solution that what easy 
Excellent Athlon. Ha sido una buena compra, es un procesador rapido y efeciente en las tareas multimedia  
Not bad. The bass isn t great, but the sound is pretty clear and I ve had no problems with volume control. However, I wish that there was a button 
Don t Settle for Imitations!. I ve had Canon printers using this cartridge for more than a year and won t settle for any of those knock-offs. Yeah, they re 
Great street style headphone. I was gonna buy a street style headphone to protect my ears worn by long-term wearing of earbuds. Did a lot of research and finally decided 
Needs help. This is a great card for a laptop, however they need to correct their problems with the installer for XP. Also to get thru to them for any 
great cam. The webcam is done well to my expectations, the picture quality and interface is great.I recommend this product  
The best charger. I use AA AAA NiMH batteries for all my electronics such as my digital camera, MP3 player, flashlights, etc. I am constantly recharging batteries and this charger 
As Advertised. This product is definitely as advertised. Everything you need in a table top radio. Works great, looks great, is durable, and simple. Perfect for your office, and can 
My wife told me to turn it down!!. I was replacing a portable Sony devise that I really liked, but busted one of the speakers. This is a very attractive 
works as well as expected!. I m satisfied with the performance with this product. I went from transfer times of 15 to 20 mins to 6 to 8 mins on 
Great device for the money. I bought one of these when they were on clearance for less than 30 and it works wonderfully. A lot of the complaints out there 
The only ear filter that doesn t hurt my ears. I ve bought hundreds of products from Amazon over the past five years or so and have never felt compelled 
Good cheap way to watch HDTV. This ATI hd tv tuner is the cheapest way to watch hdtv right now. However, consumers will pay a price by troubleshooting their hd 
Fine portable DVD; screen awfully small. Were I to start all over again, I should have seen these little guys in person first. 7 screen is too small, 1 3 
nice product but how do you use it?. Dear Seller,The price was good,The product was good,Your delivery was excellent!But it did not come with even a sample of what it 
Wish I had one a long time ago!. Very nice labelling machine. Lots of uses  
awesome picture quality. Its almost a month since I bought it. The picture quality is simply superb. I tested the quality with s-video and component cables. S-video piture is even 
Solid, secure case. This is a nice, handy little carrying case for the Olympus WS-300M 256 MB Digital Voice Recorder. I liked the secure fit of this case. Too bad 
Memorex 512MB TravelDrive USB 2.0 Flash Drive. Big capacity for a small price. Works as adveritsed. Good value  
difficult to configure with other routers from the manual. as an extender with a different router brand, the product was difficult to configure without any instruction material for other brand 
High Quality, Low Price. I shopped for several weeks to find an affordable yet high-quality mounting system for my surround-sound system. This is it. The package includes all the necessary 
No problems. Ink tanks are pretty simple. They should work, not leak, start up immediately after not using the printer for awhile, and be easy to replace. This one does 
Excellent product, does what it claims to do!. Ok! Here s the bottom-line first: a It s MEANT to be a remote-control for your PERSONAL use, not for placing the 
nice product but how do you use it?. Dear Seller,The price was good,The product was good,Your delivery was excellent!But it did not come with even a sample of what it 
easy to hook up and use. With my Pentium 4, Windows XP system this was extremely easy to use and did not present any technical glitches. Very pleased  
Sylvania 6419TE 19 TV. Purchased this tv for my mother-in-law who is very pleased with it.She says it s easy to operate and has a very good picture. She isn 
Better than expected. This has all of the basic functions any college or high school students may need in schooling. Also it has a variety of functions that help tackle 
Affordable and effective. Cheaper than thick CD cases and less prone to breakage, these slim cases by Memorex protect your CDs. Most buyers will get them for use in CD 
Great Value. Price can t be beat. I don t see the difference between this battery and some of the more pricier ones. I have two kids under two and 
Fantastic music to go. You can t beat the siza and the weight, not to mention the storage capacity of the 4MB iPod. Ease of use is also wonderful. Only 
A simple reliable device for home usage. The IT department in my company tried to used such a switch to connect two machines of mine: one is a Win XP 
Its good. The product is good. Only problems so far :1. The range is pretty limited, but works well within my house. Moment I step out, it starts to struggle.2. 
Wow!. This is one of the best purchases I have made from Amazon. It makes it so easy to share my music at the nurses station at work and makes 
Works flawlesly. Works exactly as advertised. I use it for my laptop and can plug it in without rebooting. I ve never had any connection problems whatsoever  
Canon BCI-3e Black Ink Twin Pack. Love the black twin pack. Ordered on Wed., 8 17 05 and received on Tues., 8 23 05.  
SONY displays rock this planet. Whether you have a VIAO notebook, or a SONY plasma TV or a flat panel, or even a CRT, SONY offers one of the most 
Great monitor. I received SyncMaster 214T a short time ago and like it a lot so far.1 First of all, Amazon delivered it very fast: I got it in 3 
Almost perfect but for consumable costs. I m a fanatic for duplexing since I move a LOT of paper around, sometimes amounts which I have to carry to court or 
Good Quality Cable. The velocity series by Cables-to-Go, aka Impact Acoustics, are nice mid-quality cables. I ve done a bit of research on cables and in all double-blind tests, as 
Skeptical and a little concern, however stunning HD picture. The bad side:The minute I saw box with double tape I already knew this TV is not first hand, so I 
It works well, Worth the money. Charging indicator actually works great and gave this little gadge quite a space age looking.Charges battery pretty fast although not like the fastest 15-minutes 
Keeps on ticking. What can you say about a watch battery? I guess only that I m amazed how long these little things last. I have a bunch of devices 
Uniden cordless phone. I think it will serve our needs nicely, however I have not mastered everything on it as yet. Just haven t taken the time to do so. 
Good reciver liked auto setup. I like this receiver I am using it with polk speaker RM6900. I wanted to have 4 audio video input, on screen display, auto speaker 
nuvi 670. The nuvi 670 is my third Garmin GPS. The first one was Street Pilot II, very hard to use. The second one was C330, very easy to use. 
Pretty cool device. The Rino does all it states, with the one notable exception being interfacing with the computer. Why is that? Garmin sends out a cable that goes to 
I Love This Speaker!. I recieved a b-flex speaker as a gift not too long ago and I love it! It doesn t require a power cord, it instantly installs 
Good Product. This is the first time that I have bought dvd storage cases and I am very happy with the product. The cases came quickly, and I got what 
Wonderful Product!!!!. No more battery or bulb replacement!! It is bright like all other flashlights. One minute of cranking equals one hour of light!! I love it because it is 
Very Satisfied. Product was just what I was looking for and at the right price. Could not have been happier with my purchase. I will look for this vendor again 
Perfect label maker for anyone. I couldn t believe how easy it was to hook this up to my PC and load the labels. I like the small design and 
Excellent Choice. I purchased this item recently and it s excellent in all aspects. It took me less than a hour to set it up and the super cool auto 
don t buy for a mac 15 laptop. i really wish this fit my powerbook, but it was WAY too big. i like the pockets for the power adapter and 
Olympus DS-2300 Digital Voice Recorder. I used it at a recent large homeowners meeting that did not use microphones and it picked up everything, even comments from the audience. Replaying 
Uniden radios without batteries. These radios are very good. Ten miles will be rare but possible, more likely 2-4. I used them on a ship & they worked all over, 
SATISFIED. PRODUCT SERVES ITS PURPOSE. EASE OF USE IS BEST FEATURE. INITIALLY SURPRISED THAT IT WAS BIGGER HEAVIER THAN EXPECTED. WOULD VE PREFERRED IT SMALLER AND LIGHTER GUESS IT S 
Great USB Hub AND a Great Price. I purchased this hub back in September. I plugged it in and I m running two printers and my mouse off of it 
Use your imagination and the price can t be beat. This product is a great deal. The problem with its shakiness can be easily solved with a little imagination. Get 
Excellent device to carry anywhere. I bought this portable dvd in October, 2005 and am fully satisfied with it. I took to the highlands by yearend and could appreciate films 
Works well, but tricky to set up. I received this unit via my home insurance after my RCA 5-disc changer was stolen.The unit itself is solidly built, and I don 
Great. High speed reader that works flawlessly and at high speed. All you need for your card and computer  
Excellent product. This works great and can be connected with little effort. Highly recommended  
Good for the Money. This foot rest is good for the money. It s made of tough plastic, so in the month that I ve had it, I feel it 
Great little device. I bought this even though the reviews weren t all that good, namely that it was slow to respond. Although I find that it works superbly. I 
Works great but is really a four port switch. Installation and network set-up was a snap. The fifth port is really the upstream connection. So you get four clients, not 
no effort backup. I bought this hard drive as abackup for my system. It works great. It was installed in under 5 minutes and has worked flawlessly ever since.Good quality, 
Love it!!. I had an old floor fan and the motor finally died. I hadn t really paid much attention to the new generation of fans like this one. I 
Well constructed, solid bag for very little money!. As a journalist, I needed a bag that was durable, lightweight, and most importantly, could carry all my stuff around on my 
Great and easy. This is a perfect remote. It is really plug and play - no installation - just plug one part into the USB and go! I use it 
Great phone!. I use to have a problem with the microwave interferring with the phone 2.4mhz but this phone doesn t even crackle when it is on. It s also 
Great for the price!. Just used this headphones on a 16hr flight to Asia. 2AAA batteries lasted almost the entire trip. The noise canceling feature started to sound distorted as 
Coby CD Player. Decent for the price. Good radio rception. Volume seems a bit lower than I would like. Overall grade B  
 Top Of The Line . My portable CD player with it s car kit is a replacement for one I had for years and needed to replace same. I 
I Highly Recommend D-Link s DSS-16 Switch. I purchased the DSS-16 to replace 3 hubs I was using for my small office network. After connecting the switch, I couldn t 
Great so far!. I bought these for my girl and got a black set for myself. they are SO LOUD!!! like 20db louder then my 40 sonys. Ditch the rubber 
Phone. Phone had all the features I was looking for and at a good price. It arrived sooner than I expected and in excellent shape. Would definitely recommend and purchase 
Works as advertised. I m very satisfied with the unit. It does exactly what I was expecting of it. It works good with either 120V or 4-AA battery power. Portability 
Love this Phone System. Buying a phone these days is complicated. Not only are there lots of choices, but each phone gets both positive and negative reviews. My daughter bought 
For Satellite only!. To the person who wrote the previous review. The reason it did not work for your cable signal is because this is for Satellite. It is power 
A GREAT VALUE. THE UNIT WAS SHIPPED AMAZINGLY FAST AND ARRIVED IN PERFECT CONDITION.... JUST A LITTLE SIMPLE ASSEMBLY....AND UP AND RUNNING. I AM USING THIS UNIT TO BURN CDS 
HP 3930 Printer. Printer exactly as advertised. Small and easy to use. Was delivered quickly along with the black ink cartridge. It is perfect for my use  
tv. The color is good . the picture is clear. Overall I would give it a 5  
An excellent tracker ... This review is about the 440Mla which is what is in the market now . This came with a high recommendation from HIFI dealers. I heard 
Nice Card. I bought this card for my digital camera and I have had it for a while now. I have not had any problems with it, it was fairly 
The Unit Works Perfectly. I bought this device so that I could run Windows XP on an Intel Mac Mini and Mac OS X on my G4 tower, both hooked 
it works. comparable to Monster screen cleaner at Best Buy, it was cheaper to buy and I didn t have to go anywhere. Smells good too  
Great Picture. I compared almost every plasma. I think the colors in the Samsung are far better. The best thing to do is go to Circuit City and compare the 
Good Speakers - Good Value. While admittedly not an audiophile, I have been quite pleased with the quality of sound from these speakers. I purchased six of these to mount 
Good DVD player... Not so good JPEG viewer. Updated 1 18 06. Owned for 6 weeks.Highlights:- Picture quality is outstanding. 800x480 resolution really shines. Viewing angle is excellent. You can 
Awesome & Easy to Setup - Best Keyboard Yet. This is perfect so far and exactly what I needed. I have been looking for a new keyboard to work with 
games do not impliment the clutch pedal feature great for Hard truck series though unlike all others . Supposedly someone listened at the Logi office of the NASCAR MOMO discontinuation 
Good MFP. I am happy with the unit. All the functions work fine. I have connected it to a Sony Vaio and IBM TP both with XP, no problems. For 
It does what its for. Sit on it . Pretty simply.No fine adjustments,but not a problem for us.If you need a seat for your keyboard piano,if the height works out 
Axion AXN-7080 perfect for my needs. I was looking for a small TV that had a cable tuner that I could fit in my roll-top desk. This one was the 
Very good,,,. I had to use this to clean the Artic silver off m north bridge heatsink because it was causing my P5W Dh deluxe to be unstable, probably has 
Works fine - but need right firmware. Bought this for my Canon Rebel Digital XT and ran slap into the firmware issues that others have described here. Seagate replaced the 
Compact & Easy to Use. Stores as a compact, neatly designed unit. Easy to use and is designed so it is convenient to secure to many locations  
Reliable, easy to use. When I bought this product a year plus ago, there wasn t many reviews out there, even here on Amazon. Now that I remembered, I checked 
Works fine, light as a feather. I write this review only because the negative reviews almost made me not buy the Belkin FireWire Hub. Alas, the options for such a 
Great Organizer!. I love this organizer! I wish there were more slotless organizers. I have few of the triple DVD Cases. It fits perfectly  
WARNING -- WILL MESS WITH YOUR SPEAKERS. This system is fantastic. It s all that, and then some. But I have one major complaint. A few weeks poast purchase, my 
Isnt cheap looking, very funcitonal. It has a nice look to it and has all the pockets you could ever need. My laptop fits nicely in it and the strap 
APC- Battery Backup. I have had other APC battery backup s in the past, and the only negative comment about the product is the size and space required for the 
the best college calculator. i bought this for my daughter for college and its basically the best calculator you can own for this purpose. the new titianium model just seemd 
Very usable CD Recorder - Easy to Operate - Excellent Quality. I found myself in a position where I needed to convert over 50 long audio cassettes and several DATs 
excellent value and easy to use. Overall this is an excellent portable, introductory 61-key keyboard. Some things I like:1 All the buttons are easy to use. That was my #1 
works just how I expected. This product works exactly how I wanted it to. It changed the audio from my video game consoles into 3.5mm allowing my monitor s speakers 
Easy as 1-2-3!!!. WOW. I am a first time Tivo user. I did not own any other Tivos, but my friends have and they all ranted and raved about what 
Good Product. Although I have the Boom Box which gives good service I wanted to play my XM Radio through my surround sound system. The Home Adapter Kit was easy 
No Problems Here. I ve never had any problems with Memorex DVD s or CD s. When I was ordering and read some of the reviews here, I had to 
great carry case. It works as stand when recording and protects my digital recorder in my purse while it is not is use. I only wish it had a place 
Great little GPS. Even though black and white screen, it good enough to get you from point A to point B with little hassle. I use it for business travel, 
Pleasantly surprised. I bought this after my other ipod speakers which cost much more! stopped working after 2 months. I am very pleased with this product. While it s a 
Small, cheap, tough. So far, I have not faced a power surge to see the effectiveness of the product, but I can say it is small, holds a very good 
Eyetv Hybrid - Great if Expectations realistic. Bought to use in RV with Powerbook G4 when no electric is available for the regular TV. Takes up no space and now 
Good for adding gps feature to a phone. I have a K750i and i ve been using the the bluetooth dock with the gps unit I bought from Microsoft. It 
A notebook case for the lifetime. Looks Professional, lot of room, good leather, strong , durable and nice quality work. A small problem is the velcro s placement for protection, 
MP3 Wma Fm Transmitter w Sd, USB & Audio Input. This is for my husband and he says. . .This works as advertised, when using a memory card. It does 
Good - but it is not a 250-watt sub. I was very surprised at how well this sub articulates the low frequencies. Hearing is believing. It gives a certain amount 
Good Price, Great sound... I mounted these in my ceiling just behind my sofa. I intended these to just be rear channel speakers, but I they sounded good enough that 
Two Wrists WAY Up!! :- . Wonderful for those who type and work with computers alot--soft and comfortable! I haven t had any problems with carpal tunnel since! It didn 
Very Nice product. I work with a laptop computer and I have 3 external harddrives to backup my data, other than that I have several USB devices. I have used 
Finally a good radio transmitter. If you are ok with the size of this item then you will love this trasmitter. It comes with all the required attachments and fits 
GREAT deal for the money!. Great picture quality. Make sure to calibrate picture settings. Good ammount of inputs but a second component set would be nice.DON T listen to people 
DVR case. The item came as promised and in the original unopened package. The item fits the DVR snuggly, and allows access to the buttons without having to open the 
It is working perfectly in my old Dell Dimension XPS 4100. I couldn t ask for more. It dropped right in and worked flawlessly. I connected it to a 4-port 
Best Cost For Product. Best cost for product that under bids same model in the retail store sector, also very good product for my use  
I m happy. I purchased this TV from Amazon. I m not an expert on HD LCD TVs, but I don t see how one could expect a better picture. 
But really,. ...this should be included in the box when you buy the iPod. Shame on you, Apple  
I use Verbatim 16X 4.7 GB DVD R s myself. My current DVD writer??? NEC ND3550AI also use Memorex 16x media. zero problems I have one gigabyte of RAM inside 
Handwriting Recognition Software for ACECAD DigiMemo. I didn t have high expectations for this program but I was pleasantly surprised. Even though my handwriting was sloppy and often ran uphill, 
Garmin Mobile 10 and the Motorola Q. Purchased this unit to use with a Sprint Motorola Q running Windows Mobile 5.0 after my Hyundai Pontus was stolen from my car. 
Good but imperfect. Overall I was pleasantly surprised with this item. It is well-packaged, Targus have a section on their website that let you check if the tips will work 
It s called the Ultra Mini for a reason!. This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub.The cord is about 2.5 feet long 
My 5 year old son loves playing this guitar!. My son, James, received this lovely blue guitar for his 5th Birthday from his Nana, Anne Reilly. He states almost everyday 
It s called the Ultra Mini for a reason!. This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub.The cord is about 2.5 feet long 
Good Wheel. This wheel does the job. It s not super fancy but you still get the driving experience. Enjoy  
Good Radio For the . I have had this Radio for 2 1 2 years and has worked fine, although I would suggest getting a better mic, the stock one 
Great printer. Ive only had the printer a short while but have printed enough to see that this a great printer, extremely easy to set up, a great deal for 
A very nice gizmo. The Mobile 10 works very well with my Treo 650. I am able to fit the East coast states from Maine to Virginia on my 256mb 
Hits the Spot!. Wireless is the way to go!When I put any of my wireless controllers down on the table they look like they belong there and not out of 
Very nice. The fact i have to pull my ipod out of its showcase protective case every time i use it aside, this is an awesome product. Great reception, snug 
Works as advertised. Great with my Rebel XT. Hard to be verbose about a CF card...but it has performed without a hitch in my Rebel XT. Used a 1GB Ultra 
Beautiful, but... This speaker system is truly great looking--even down to the blue light that emanates from it at night. But to my wife s and my ears, the midrange 
Eye Candy. This item has been hard to find in stores and online. After being waitlisted with Amazon for some time, I finally ordered it from another large electronics vendor 
IMMENSE value! Sounds WAY more expensive than it is!. I have an old classic Silvertone tubed amplifier with reverb, used mainly for blues and some hard rock playing. I needed 
Belkin Gel pad. I have been using this pad for the past several days and can t believe how long I be been using a computer without one. Now my 
Great Recorder!. I need this recorder as I was recently diagnosed w PPM Piss Poor Memory . Seriously, this is a handy little gadget. It s tiny size allows you 
Panasonic webcam is easy to use and cheap. You get a lot for the money. Easy setup, automatically negotiated with lynksys router, external website activation and monitoring worked first time. 
Changed My Life. Well, not really. It sticks reasonably well to the surface - could be a little better. It cost less than a buck. Best part is it came 
Nice, but not Spectacular. To be honest, I don t see any real advantage of this armband over many of the others in the same price range. It does come 
This Is As Close to Cool as Math Can Get. Who ever thinks that Calculators are cool? But when the T1-83 plays a big part in your passing Math class, 
Best I have found. This cassette adapter is without a doubt the best I have yet to find. The output volume is a perfect level. The sound quality is great. 
Rock Solid. While this is the first CD printer I ve ever used, it performs flawlessly, and creates a top notch printed lable that will rival that of nearly any 
Best 700,000 batteries every... I m really just bitter that it didn t come with the little tester like in my box of million dollar duracells..  
Data transfer works perfectly. I bought this product because my notebook has only two USB ports and one 4-pin Firewire port. I wanted to charge my iPod without using a 
Solid. I have purchased a lot of CD cases and I must say this one is great. Built solid.  
Probably the best, most reliable printable CD on the market. I purchased 600 of these just so I could have these printable CD s to use with my Primera Bravo 
BEST camera for a road warrior... I bought this unit and it works great . Not good in dim light and no focus adjustment so nothing past 4 feet...If you 
Great sound for the price. Easy to install, and they sound really nice for the price. My only gripe is that it can be REALLY hard to turn the screws 
Great case for great price. This case fits my gen-2 iPod nano perfectly. Has great screen protection, full access to scroll wheel, hold button, and both headphone and computer jacks. 
Great Value!. I love this DVD player. A huge step up from my old one, which was not a progressive scan. I didn t have too difficult of a time 
Works good. This is a great product. I would recommend people to buy dazzle card reader. I had this for over 3 months or so. Have not have any problem. 
Awesome sound. I ve owned several sets of the original Soundsticks, and purchased this set for my wife s new Intel iMac. As always, the sound is amazing and plentiful, 
Easy Setup. I had read a lot of reviews that said the manual was impossible to read. I had no problems setting the reciever up. Everything went smoothly and I 
Great value. Of course Bose are the best but I could not phantom paying 300 for headphones that I use only when I fly, and I fly a lot. Skullcandy 
great compact flash card for an awesome price!. I had a Lexar compact flash card fail on me a few years ago and thought I might like to try a 
Works as advertised. Its hard to tell how well a Power protection product works until something goes wrong...but I purchased the PF40 to protect my Home Theater system from spikes 
Great price crystal clear sound. I just hooked these up to a moderately priced A V receiver from Pioneer. Im guessing they will take a few days to break in, 
Amazon Rocks. Amazon hooked me up by selling me this for less than 25 - thanks to there Customers Vote contest. DVD works great in everything. My only complaint is 
Simply, The Best. After scouring the net for my next MP3, I realized that the Creative Muvo TX FM that I already owned was superior to the rest! My current 
Memorex never a problem. Been using Memeorex s DVD-R s since 12 2003 and their CD-R s since 2001. I have never had any issue with Memeorex media so I 
No problems, works as stated. Had no problems with this product. It works as it says it should, haven t had any distortions on my setup, everything is crystal clear 
Pretty nice for the price!!. I bought this for my girlfriend for Xmas to go along with her ipod nano also to replace her mini shelf stereo that I broke 
Telezapper. I bought the Telezapper from John Whitaker and it was delivered in 3ays. It didn t work so I contacted John and he told me to return it and 
Toshiba TV. We are very happy with our new TV. Excellent product. It arrived in just 2 days, very well packaged and in excellent condition. We were very impressed with 
COOL YOUR LAPTOP. GREAT ITEM, POWERED OFF LAPTOP ITS FANS WORK QUIETLY TO KEEP LAPTOP COOL. SO YOU CAN ACTUALLY US YOUR LAP, WITHOUT FEAR OF OVERHEATING YOUR COMPUTER. AN 
Wacon Graphire4 6 X 8 USB Tablet. The tablet is easy to install and very accurate. It takes a lot of time to get use to the pencil. The touch 
1 shortcoming. Great MP3 player, but the earbud set that comes with it is lousy.  
Convenient, and great for us big-handed folks!. This controller is absolutely phenomenal. Not only is it wireless, but it corrects my only gripe about the Microsoft S-Controller:I m 6 3 
Great product, terrible shipping. This Salamander Designs rack is very well made and looks great. It takes a few hours to assemble, but the result is nicer than most home 
Great bag on its price range. I bought it for my Inspirion 6400 and fitted perfectly, plenty of room and pockets even to carry documents and or books, very sturdy 
better than a week on the beach. Excellent, recommend without reservation. Note: for anyone like me who is hooking it up to an older G4 desktop 450, I also needed 
Great Router. great router, much better than dlink, better than netgear and linksys. i used to have belkin 54g wireless router, but due to setup restriction i wasnt getting full 
Targus Laptop Backpack. Good product. Could be better organized. The pockets need more closures or zippers  
alpine. Very good stereo, the only problem i find in it, is that you cant play an especific song from your ipod, you have to play either the album, or 
Great accessory, best I ve had. One year for a gift I was given just about every Maxell CD accessory there was. Most of them were pretty useless lens cleaner, 
i second the WOW!. matched the audio advantage with sennheiser 202 headphones for a truly amazing sound experience on my hp laptop. dramatically improved, deep, full sound quality for around 
Got full bandwidth as promised. A Time Warner Tech told me that in order to get good reception from the lower and upper channels I needed a good quality splitter, 
A must for all adults. This electronic dictionary is all and more I could have expected. I looked up words I d never heard of, and found ample examples of 
nifty device. Works great! I got this so I could put songs on the SD card from my mac and then put the SD card into my nintendo wii so 
Great for CD. I really don t listen to the radio much. I bought this power adaptor for use with my walkman to listen to Cds and MP3 CDs without 
Excellent universal. Overall this is a very good remote. It replaced 5 of my remotes, which is all except my Bose, which is RF controlled. It even replaced my Windows 
Works fine. Wish the unit had a separate online offline light. When power to the unit is missing, the single red light turns off only when the warning sounds. The 
Does what it should, just costs too much, HDMI didn t work. I ve been hearing for years now how TV was going to go digital and all of us 
Excellent. I ve had it for over a month now and it works as well as I expected it to work. I was expecting random quirks here and there as 
Extremely Happy. We just returned from a cruise and used these two way radios extensively on the cruise ship. We were extremely happy with the quality of the reception considering 
Olympus 2GB Xd Card. The service was great. The Xd card was shipped very quickly. The card is working great in my camera  
Archos docking station. I ve been asked to write a review about Archos DVR docking Station. I would emphsise if u buy Archos DVR,u also buy docking station with it. 
Very Good. We Brought this unit for our Trade Show. Wowow It was Soooooooo Good.  
Good product but installation may be a problem. I got the printer copier scanner going and it has been a delight. It is working well in a small business setting, 
Satisfied. I would recomend these phones, especially to anyone who s invested about 250 on an MP3 player you may as well listen well! . They re collapsable, which makes 
A great buy those with dvd players with out component. MVSV3 Gives excellent color with a vivirant and vivid feel. Deffinently a high porformence wire in its class,and worth the 
90 days, so far so good. Only complaint is the extended handle is wobbly. It pulls sturdily though, just feels a bit flimsly when extended. Plenty of pockets and deep 
Best Player I ve Seen...Great Picture!. I have tried a few Portables...the Philips 10 player, the Toshiba SD-P2700, and a 5 Panasonic player over the last few years, and this 
Flawless performance. I bought two of these over a period of time. One was installed in my desktop and the other in an external casing to use as a backup 
A Great Product!!!!. I would encourage ANYONE in the market for a shredder to first identify WHERE the machine is to be placed! If you want something cute and compact, 
Works Very Good. This phone works very well and what I really like is that you don t need to be near the base while you are on speaker phone 
Great Product for the Price!. I ve been using this system for a couple of months now and couldn t be happier with it. I bought it for my office 
Not bad...not the best, but not bad... Overall speaker delivers good sound quality, unless someone walks in the path of the signal or a really strong wind gusts blows through 
Works great...who need s cable or satellite?. If you live in a Metropolitan area and you have an HDTV, you ll pull in tons of digital broadcast channels 40 in 
Great Ink! Works really well. Purchased this ink cartridge for my Lexmark printer and it works great. Easy to install and can be use right away  
Works fine, but forget the rebate. This USB Flash Memory Drive works exactly as described, and I m glad I bought it. I didn t give it 5 stars because 
case for portable printer. Practical and useful. Keeps your printer clean and protected. If you care about your equipment, buy good quality protective cases. Worth the money. Thanks, N Hrenof 
in house intercom. got these radios to use as an in house intercom and for camping. Haven t tested the range yet, but they are quiet, good looking, and seem 
RoadMate 6000T. First the downside:I ve found the Bluetooth to be pretty much worthless. If you can get the link to hold it works fine but I ve never seen 
Speed demon. I think back to when I only had USB 1.1 and wonder how I ever got along. This card shipped fast, arrived in great shape, and installed with 
Love it... As a reporter, I decided to buy this keyboard because I was always taking notes at meetings. I would highly recommend it. I used it w my IPAQ, 
Works better than others. While not a flawless setup, this server is is substantially more trouble-free than the Netgear PS330910 parallel print server. The Netgear would inexplicably stop working on 
Great Product. This hub has worked exactly as anticipated. I ve had it for a month or so now and it is hooked up to my laptop.I ve got a 
Incredibly bright displays. I m running two of these beautifully designed displays and must agree with others, these things are bright. I usually run these with the brightness turned up 
This is the one to get. DT-180 is sangean s newest small receiver, newer than the DT 210, 200, 300..Have now bought 3 of these, one as a gift.Don t 
Treat this review as your bible to MP3 multimedia shopping. OK, I did too much research on these devices ... so I am here to share :I will break down 
hissing may not be the problem of the headphone. When I first tried this headphone, I almost returned it because I heard hissing in the background. But then I used 
Easy to use, good sound quality. Couldn t be simpler to use, basically 2 GB USB thumb dive makes it portable to any computer. Sounds great with the ear buds, 
Great reasonably priced monitors!. At first I was a bit skeptical about a professional studio monitoring system for 300.00. After buying, setting up and listening to this system I am 
Very high quality product for price. The M-Audio firewire solo is a really great product for music creation and even for sound output to a stereo. installing the drivers can 
Good performance but multiple quality control issues. First off, this is only a good, but not great, projector. With the way projector prices have been falling, there are other options 
A Must-have for the College and University Student. I decided to invest in a voice recorder to keep up with my lecturers on campus. This model is light weight and 
Great Router. I purchased this wired router after returning a defective Linksys router. It has a 4-port output switch that supports 10 100 1000 bps speeds. It worked well with 
A MUST for the TRUE U2 Fan. Excellent iPOD easy to download music especially from iTunes. Love the balck with Red dial and the laser engraved signatures are awesome  
Satisfied customer. Its a great product and so compatibly. I tried several places before buying, this product and as well all the items I buy. Amazon is a good place 
Finally! A Worthwhile Case. I received my video iPod as a Valentine s gift, blissfully unaware that I would absolutely need a case to protect it. Several scratches later I 
great printer but HP is not up front as usual. revised 1 8 07 I ve been using this as a commercial printer now for 6 months doing prototype and 
First Rate RC JBLs. I agree with the prior review of these JBL E10s, however I d go to the E20s for a small room main stereo set--better bass worth 
Easy to install. This unit was easy to install. Now, my Roadmate 760 gets live traffic updates. In addition to being able to see roadwork, accidents, and other impediments on 
Nice to buy. This CD player is very good. The bluetooth features works quite well with my cel phone this was the main reason I bought this model .Another plus 
Spectacular! Plug it in and it works!. I purchased this with D-Link Wireless G Notebook Adapter WNA-1330 - Cardbus Network adapter. I plugged the G700AP into an existing network, and, 
The Best DVD-R on the market!. These are the best dvd-r s on the market. I have only had a handful of these not work, out of the hundreds that 
Such A Wonderful Confusion. I listen to a lot of music, and I ve learned through the years that onboard equalizers for stereos are usually pretty worthless. So, in owning 
Great Bedroom HDTV. I would give a high recommendation for this TV. It is the perfect size for a bedroom especially if you re not looking to overwhelm the room 
amazing. THIS THING IS WORTH THE MONEY. EXTREMEMLY EASY TO USE, AND WILL CONTROL EVERYTHING. THE ONLY THING IT WONT CONTROL IS THE PLAYSTATION 3 BECAUSE THE PS3 IS BLUETOOTH 
Good Enough for most needs. I found this product to be good enough to deliver sound tunes in any room I use it in. I was looking for something to 
If You re New to Radios, This Isn t the One. This is a fine pocket radio for people who need something small and don t want to suffer the 
Sturdy case. This is a well made and useful item. My earbuds are Sennheiser, not Ipod, and I checked with the manufacturer before purchasing regarding fit. They do fit, after 
Great bang for the buck... but lacks a few essentials. First off... I like this unit. It s EASY to use, and it does a fine job of taking your 
OUT OF THIS WORLD. the best amp ever!!! I d pay twice the price! Sounds like a rock band and even the classics sould grea  
Wacom is just the best. This is a great product and company. The install was free of problems and the tutorial on the CD got me up to speed in 
The amazing motivator!. The Nike system has really been a good motivator for me. As a new runner, I need all the motivation and positive reinforcement I can get. The 
Easy Installation. Very easy to set up.I have had XM in my car for over a year and purchasing this indoor receiver was a great addition.If I could improve one 
Product works great. After reading so many horror stories about dvd camcorder and the disks they use I was so releaved when my wife had no problems using these disk 
Good results. It takes a lot of time to scan each slide and then improve the old dark ones in PhotoShop Elements much better than the picture editing software that 
It was missing the pick. My brother had gotten this guitar for christmas. He was all excited about playing it. We opened it and there was no pick. At first 
the best headphones you ll ever buy. i love these headphones they are perfect for you if you love to literally feel the base. the only downside for me is 
Great headphones! I am buying my second pair!. I do agree with some of the thoughts from the first review written. However, the benefits far outway the flaws for my 
Lasko Tower Fans are Kewl!. I love them. I give them to all my family members. They are great at cooling a room  
Great value. These are great earbuds. I have alswys used Sony DJ headphones in the past, and these are the first pair of buds I have purchased - I am 
Great for the money.. They were inexpensive and worked really well. I gave them a beating when I would shove them in my bag and pocket but they still worked. 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
Excellent television. This is an excellent LCD high definition television. The resolution is very good and it has a good viewing angle capability. The only negative that I found is 
fantastic. this set is fantastic. the only down side is that you need like dj headphones to play in private. another fault is that the pads have a little sensor 
Works Well. It worked well for me I was able to burn a homemade dvd about 2hr long and this product worked very well  
Highly Recommend. This gadget works very well and does not obstruct the view of the road. It also allows you to put the xmradio closer to your reach so that 
Great investment!!!. Okay, I might be a bit too excited about the investment part, yet nonetheless this screen was a great price quality ratio.I highly recommend acquisition of a screen 
Outstanding workhorse!. This turntable is used in a university library where it sees constant and heavy use by many different types of operators. It carries on despite the heavy handedness 
Worked perfectly!. I bought this for a trade show in order to run two large plasma monitors from one laptop, and it worked right out of the box. It was 
VACUUM MICRO ATTACHMENTS. I am so pleased with the micro attachments. The ease in which they can be used is just wonderful. I ve used them to get into small 
Great find!. I needed more RAM for my older PC, and what a great deal! Bought 2 512 modules for a bargain!!!  
Sony RJ-G138 connecting cable for headphone extension. I don t always use the extension 3 meters but this comes in handy when I need the extra length. J. Hal  
Works Great. Easy to install - just make sure go to the M-Audio website to get the most recent driver  
Good drive. My first WD My Book drive delivered from Amazon.com actually never worked but shut down after a few seconds on several computers. After spending nearly 30mins waiting for 
its a mouse. it doest its job. no better no worse than any other mouse. id buy it again. and recomend it to others.Lizz  
A Great Techie Tool. It s a great tool to have at all times. Security, provacy, and power in one little handy device. And the U3 apps are multiplying quickly. 
Great product. Product works great, fits nicely in my hand, but I do have small hands. Battery life not that long though. Otherwise worth the money  
Useful device. I was looking for something like this for more than a year, its simple easy to use and the most important thing WORKS WELL ! Good sound quality, 
Great - if you use an expandable memory card. I have both the Palm Tungsten E and the Zire 72. I ve owned both for over 2 years and honestly 
Overall, a good product for a good price. This a great looking case for a good price. It doesn t add much bulk to my iPod 30, which is great 
DOES A FAIRLY GOO JOB. Pretty good video quality although i must say the setup was a little tricky not for the novice . Also you have to update the 
Good purchase, nice features for the . Bought this as a gift for my ten year old daughter. She loves it. It has a lot of nice features that the 
Excellent Initiation Into HD Radio. After owning a Sangean WR-2 clock radio for a year and a half and growing more fond of it, I decided to get another upscale 
great value unit. Main reason that I purchased this GPS is that it comes with the Sirf III chip. This is the newest GPS chip on the market and it 
works fine -- slightly bulky plug. The cable works as expected. The miniplug is a little bulky, seems to me needlessly so, which might make it a challenge to connect 
Excellent for my purposes!. I was trying to find a small unit for the bedroom to replace a previous unit. The NEZ30 model 30 watts, not the NEZ3 fits the 
Pretty useful product. You will appreciate this product only if you don t have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, 
Good item!. Inorder to use this DVD RW 8X disk, make sure u have recent firmware version of your DVD drive, than you wont have any probs to using it! 
This is best CF card have ever owned! Won t regret!. I previously owned the 1GB Lexar 40X CF card and thought that was the fastest a CF could get. 
It is what it is. For those who expect true 5.1 Dolby Surround out of the Bose 3-2-1 system, please look elsewhere. This unit does well in projecting sound when 
Does what it does. This is simply a device that allows you to move you antennas to a place 6ft away from you router. It doesn t come with a 
great value. works flawlessly, speeds up my computer noticeablely.helps with multimedia production programs that I use on a DELL 600  
Perfect. It got to me quickly, even before the estimated arrival date, in perfect condition. It blows away my last MP3 player. And best of all, Microsoft and or Apple 
Sturdy easy to assemble and cheap but... These speaker stands are well built and would even accomodate my XTRA thin Boston Avvidea monitor. The only very disappointing thing is that 
Perhaps the best AM CB out there!. There are a lot of CB radios out there and the Cobra 29 LTD Classic has stood the test of time. It comes 
Love it!. I love that it has two different modes- you can shuffle your playlist or just listen to it in the order you put the play list in on 
SIEMPRE CONFIABLES. TENGO YA MUCHO TIEMPO UTILIZANDO LOS DISCOS MEMOREX, TANTO DVD COMO CD, Y SIEMPRE HAN RESULTADO SER MUY BUENOS.POR LO GENERAL LOS COMPRO EN EL MOMENTO EN QUE 
Great Product. I just purchased this product and installed it on my PowerBook running Panther. While the bundled drivers were a bit buggy volume control didn t work, etc. . 
Performance and price - think twice. There s a review here where someone takes their COMPUTER and analyzes the performance of the card. Unfortunately, most of the time what matters 
Texas Instruments TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator - Excellent. After receiving the T-I83 Calculator, my grandson s grades jumped from 40 to a 95 on his report card. We were really 
Nice and clear, but a bit soft. Excellent clarity, good writing surface with not too much drag.However, within a couple of days my stylus somehow managed to put a scratch 
It really works. This adapter is great for anyone who would like to use their ipod shuffle with regular ipod speakers. The shuffle will sit up higher than the regular 
Great value. Took a couple weeks to arrive ships directly from Hong Kong but product received as described. Can t beat this price anywhere else  
Awesome Product. This is a awesome product! I am running Windows XP and all I had to do to load my songs to my player was plug my player into 
Great Gift Idea. This is a great gift idea and an awsome solution for laptops with so so speakers! I bought one for myself and loved it so much that 
Kingston 1GB SD Card Review. Great value for your money. Kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product.  
Logitech Z-4I 2.1 Speaker system. Produces wonderful, clear music at a very affordable price. I bought one set for my home computer and liked them so well that a week 
Great value and great product!. I bought this so I can transfer video from my Panasonic PV-GS300 camcorder to my PC. Installation was easy and my computer was up and 
MX-800 purchased from Amazon no longer usable. s of August 1, Universal Remote Control products have become unusable unless purchased from an authorized dealer -- which Amazon.com is not.Universal Remote 
The TX-8522 - Quality in Every Way. I ve been an audio video enthusiast from the days when transistor meant cheap and tubes meant quality. Indeed, I ve worked in 
ViewSonic VG2230WM. I was initially concerned the 16:10 image ratio would cause game screens to scale or crop but Age of Empires displays full-screen perfectly with its own in-game setting 
Pleased with Sony MDR-EX71SL Headphones. I was pleased with the price, happy with the time of delivery, and so far have had no issues with the quality of these headphones. 
Incredible Sound for an Incredible Price. I m not one to explain or understand most audio specs, compare systems or buy the most expensive audio components there are. This 3 
Great Memory. A memory Stick is a s memory stick but when you put it in a Sony Camera - Fantastic  
Not a bad thing. Well, nothing has caught on fire yet, and that s all I was aiming for  
Kick Back and put Pen To Paper. Nice my only concern would a 4x5 cover a 17 monitor? YesNo wires no batteries just a USB to the tablet. Sit back 
Excellent product. This product installed and ran perfectly from the start. No uncertainty about installation and no problems  
HDTV, where have you been all my life?. I finally made the plunge and bought my first HDTV. My only regret is in waiting so long.This screen is great. I 
very good. these are very good for dvd or cd storage. very inexpensive and very good quality. people who complain below have fat fingers, thats why they break the cases 
Beware of Bounceback Express for Macbook Pro with Intel Chip. I sent my new Macbook Pro Intel Pentium II back twice to the factory and had it gutted to find 
this thing simply could not be any better. honestly, if you do any amount of homework whatsoever it becomes obvious pretty quickly that this thing has the best value of 
Best Mouse for the buck hands down. I just got my mouse today I was ecstatic about the performance I had initial problems installing the mouse but after I unplugged 
Little Goodie. honestly I expected for the player to be below par for the price, but was delighted to discover I was incorrect. Definately one for the working class, otherwise 
size, speed and savvy. I use this to read the Trans-Flash card from my mobile phone with SD card adapter . It works as expected, but seems to have higher 
Seagate 120 GB Portable External Drive is a Hit. After searching extensively for my best option regarding a portable hard drive, I chose Seagate for their reputation and my previous 
Flash Memory Card. The card performs exactly the way that I expected it to, and I have had zero issues with speed downloading images from the care to my PC 
Great Protection. A necessity for all clumpsy people who drop everything.The screw on the back of the case needs to be tightned properly, but besides that. It is definately worth 
Leadsinger Karaoke Song Cartridge. J&R Music and Computer World did a great job of sending my order to me fast and I would do business with them again, because they 
Comments on Secure II. I have been using this product for a month, and so far I am happy with it. The drive is so small for the amount of 
Great Bag for the Portable Printer. Most bags aren t designed efficiently but this one is - I think it s a must have for your Photosmart printer. It s 
 Just take them old records off the shelf !. It s great. Not being a techy , I can t speak for it s electrical qualities... But it was 
This MB is soooooooo awesome. I mean... 10 usbs, sli, 6 SATAs, support for up to 13 GB of RAM and theorethically more. Too much  
Good performance for the money. After months of searching for a way to access my media files from my computer, I found the MediaMVP media server. At first I was 
What a great little bean!!!. This is the greatest little MP3 player!!! The sound is great good bass , the size is very convenient and everybody who see it, wants 
The Best!. This is a lot like mine, but I have the lower-grade not-XM-compatable STR-DG500. I bought this for my patio. I wasn t intending on getting a nice receiver, 
Great Mouse. Great mouse for the price. Very comfortable. The only thing that is odd are the two buttons behind the scroll wheel. I just don t use them since 
Awesome way to organize. This is a great little machine and has so many uses. I bought 2 of them and 2 days later came back to Amazon to buy 
perfect for our use. we ordered this speaker with the plan to use it in my son s room to play music from our PC. he sleeps to the music 
Great product. This product worked exactly as I expected it to. It installed very easily and makes the rear speakers sound perfectly. I m pleased  
Works fantstic. After i purchased this card, i have travelled a lot and have taken several pictures... it just works perfect with my Canon digital camera.  
Sony Receiver. I also purchased this product because of the quality of the receiver made by Sony. This 7.1 channel Home Theater with HDMI passthrough is a great machine that 
This is a good product. This sandisk realy works to save a lot of information in one stick. It s very handy. Thank you  
LaCie 1TB Hard Drive. This hard drive came out of the box and worked just as stated. It s fast, reliable and no problems of any sort.  
Plug & Play!!. I bought this mouse because the color matched a graphic skin I put on my notebook computer and the price was within my ballpark. I ALWAYS pay 
Great computer bag. This carry bag has everything I needed in a computer carry bag and at a great price, and the free shipping is a big plus  
Don t Leave in Freezing Weather. I used similar batteries for an MP3 player, and I m not sure if these are the right batteries for them yet. But I 
Most Reviews Here Are Not for This Card. This card is the 2 GB Ultimate 120X It has a tested write speed 120 times 150kb sec which exceeds 18 mb 
Best splitter I ever used. After getting my first HDTV, I was dismayed that my signal was too low to maintain a constant picture even on non-HD channels . Having 
Extremely happy!!!. This product was a corporate gift and the recepient loves the gift. I selected this product based on the recommendation of from other reviews. The product is easy 
it s OK. I paid only 30.99 for nextar 512mb mp3 player. I think the reason was that this product is discontinued.. That is almost same price as the usb 
Very good tablet, mouse performance is unacceptable. I ve been using the 9x12 for a few months now and I have been very happy with the product s improvements over 
Good room monitor service family with babys. I loved this product. 3 handset and you can transfer the call to the other room, and listen your baby while she is 
Home Theater PowerCenter. The power strip provides surge protection and cleans the power entering components. Plugs for different components are clearly labeled. The strip does have an overhang over the 
HP Photosmart Case. The case is a nice compact size and the color is a traditional black which I preferred over the lime green model. It holds my printer perfectly 
Usable but not perfect. I originally bought this for my 20D with the BG-E2 batterygrip and when it arrived found that no instructions on how to safely attach it were 
excellent remote. easiest remote to program. has tremendous ability to tweek. will keep recommending to all my customers  
best portable headphones I ve ever used. When I gave away my last set, I was surprised to find that I could no longer purchase them at my local store, 
Ladies Digital Watch. Watch is nice looking, seems to be performing well, a nd was reasonably priced  
Sony DR-EX150UP Cell Phone Headset. This is the best head set I have ever used. It s light weight, has excellent clarity and no one I m talking to can 
Great CD Changer. I have read some of the reviews and this is the reason I m Writing this. I purchased two of these units almost 3 years ago and 
Casio 300-Page Databank 8-Digit Calculator. I have been using one of the Casio Data Banks for about 20 years. Every 2 years I replace the battery. Every 4-5 years I 
The best ever mouse for desktop. I have been using a lot mouses during last years,but this is the best far away from the others.It s very comfortable to use 
Great picture, poor stand. I love the picture quality... really sharp and worth 5 stars. But the stand is very basic and does not allow much, if any, adjustment. I 
Great sound, simple setup. I purchased this amp to replace my dead one that cost 5 times more when I bought it The automatic speaker level setup with the included 
Not Perfect but very affordable for my needs. I have been using Memorex dvd-r blank media for more than a year and have gotten fine recordings with my new dvd 
I took out a loan life payment to buy purchase these this thing. I muchly recommend suggest buying purchasing these batteries power sources in the pre-tried used section. You can 
Excellent Plasma. I originally purchased a 56 Samsung 1080p DLP HL-S5687W from Amazon. Unfortunately, I was one of the few who could see the rainbow effect of the single chip 
SanDisk 512 MB Secure Digital Card. Good price. What else can one say about a Secure Digital Card  
Great standby pair of headphones. I usually only use these when I m shopping or going running, and for that they re great. The sound quality is great and comfortable 
Don t Waste Your Money. I had submitted a review earlier as follows . However, I ve become very disappointed with the operation of this unit. Specifically, it stops showing 
Excellent and simple front end. This is the second of these units I have used over the years and I have found it easy enough for beginners to set up 
Very Satisfied. I had searched the web to figure out which screen protectors to purchase for my Tungsten E2 and these were recommended. I must say I m very happy 
I put it on, and it never came off!. There s not really a lot to say about this product - it protects your nano, the material is good quality, 
Great Price...Great Product!!. Got my Kingston Digital Flash card expecting it to be ok...BUT, used it over the Easter weekend for the first time and it work better than I 
Very good build quality, works well. These work exactly as expected - the quality of my DVD playback went up considerably. I really haven t compared to other brands, say, 
Great player...outstanding sound, nice features. I purchased this player for my 13 year old for Christmas 2006. She nor I had previous experience with MP3 players. I read many reviews 
Easy to install and good sound. I ordered this card to put in my mother s computer. She needed a basic card for listening to online music and such - 
Perfect. Absolutely perfect. Holds the my eXplorist 500 GPS tight, secure mount. Wish the car mounts worked as well as this.  
The only USB-SERIAL adapter that works. I ve tried many USB-SERIAL adapters, some of them worked for some time then stopped working, and others just didn t work from the 
Nice Little Stereo. If you re looking for bells and whistles look elsewhere. If you re looking for 3 or 5 disc changer, not this one. If you need a 
Airline Adapter. This adapter is very handy on airplanes. I can use my own, nice headphone and plug in the adapter, and be able to watch movies on the plane. 
The Answer Can Be Found At Amazon.com. This is for the gentelman from Houston who has been lost in the world of cables and wishes to return the Monster Cable 
The best of them all!. I ve tried many kinds and brands of photo paper, but this Epson Premium Lustre is the best, even printed on a Canon i9900 printer 
space saver.. bose 321 is a nice stuff and good for the room. the sound is clear and crisp. a lot better than a usual mini component. no need to 
Sturdy and looks good. This product is pretty sturdy and looks good for the price I paid. It s a CD wallet so I don t expect that much, and 
the best printer ever. I have used this printer at school and decided to get one for myself since I ll be graduating. It is the best photo printer I 
No need for Windows or Internet Explorer, it s a Network Camera. The BL-C1A is listed as requiring both Windows and Internet Explorer. After a bit of experimenting, it seems 
Great Product. This product is awesome....of course, it s a Sony : What else can I say  
Attractive Radio, Strong Speaker, Good Reception. One of the most attractive radios in its price range, well constructed, lacking cheap materials, and having a crisp, full monoaural speaker, the Tivoli 
The best way to transfer video to your Ipod and PSP. The Neuros Recorder will record video from any video source in MPEG4 and 3GP format. This device is the 
Great Bang for the Buck. I did not buy from Amazon because they did not have it before X-mas 06 - but all I can say is WOW - for 
Pretty Good Speakers. I got this system on sale a while back. It was pretty easy to set up except for movies. I couldn t get proper surround sound if 
Well worth it!. I searched and hunted this monitor for the best price for months. I first saw this monitor at Best Buy. I was so impressed with the quality 
HDMI Cable. I used this from a Directv HD receiver to a 42 LCD. It is hard to see a difference between component and HDMI but I went from 5 
filled my joystick needs. I don t have a lot of experience with joysticks and I m not really an avid flight gamer, but I ve had some need for 
No problems. The product came very quickly with no problems. I would buy from them again.  
Shuffle Bang&Olufsen A8 earbuds. I love my shuffle but could not stand the crummy earbuds that came with it. They were uncomfortable, fell out easily, and really hurt. I splurged 
Very impressive. I have to say this little device is very impressive. The sound quality is simply amazing, and it s integration with Rhapsody and Pandora have really got me 
Excellent audio recorder. It took me a little while to get used to the controls. The utility of index marks was not apparent until I recorded longer sessions. Index marks 
Dual Car Audio Quality. I recently installed this unit into my 1995 Geo Prizm after the factory stereo lost its FM capabilities. Installation was a snap with the purchase of 
Great Bass!. This sub is more than I expected. The clean, tight bass that it puts out is great! I highly recommend watching the scene in Polar Express where the 
Amazing Speakers!!!!. These bose speakers are amazing!!!! They never get distorted, even when they are blasting! They are very crisp andd are worth it!!! I have no complaints at all 
It works!. I use this to record chorus reharsals so I can listen to the recordings later and sing along. It works surpisingly well--and yields a sound ten times better 
High quality 12-gauge wire at a low cost. I really like this Metra speaker wire. I needed 12-gauge wire for my home theater setup, and this worked really well. The 
turntable was a good purchase. The TV Turntable is just what was advertised. Nice item. Very functionable and has a classic finish  
Great!. Finally, a Firewire cable that is long enough to plug into the back of your Mac and have easy access at the front of your working area!Great product  
very good value. As one reviewer noted: slow on the draw changing channels. But, if that s not a problem for you, this unit delivers all the needed features one 
Print Up. There are so many times we often see the musts of having a quality printer for all occasions. Although it isn t actually a bad thing, it does 
AWESOME LITTLE POPCORN MACHINE. This Kettle Popcorn Maker is the best gift I have given to my kids, they were impressed with the beautiful design and its performance, they enjoy 
A fine solo instrument as well as an orchestra in itself. This Casio LK45 has served me well while out of town for six weeks with no access to my 
GOOD RELIABLE PRINTER. This is my second HL 5140. I bought the first for my dental office and it worked well. Quality and reliability is good. I ve just bought 
Very good tablet, mouse performance is unacceptable. I ve been using the 9x12 for a few months now and I have been very happy with the product s improvements over 
Great Customer Service!. I at first got the more current version not the one I needed , but with a couple of emails and return of the first item I 
Big Sound for a Small Price. I have a Bose wave radio and this sounds so much better. I find that the greatest deficiency is the Reception. It s a 
One of the best remotes on the market, but... This is a great remote, but the software that comes with it is some of the worst I have ever seen 
Great Cable for Your iPod. I purchased this cable as a way to hook up my iPod to my stereo in my car by way of the audio out port 
Great item for large laptop. I needed a large tote for my Dell Inspirion 9200 17 laptop-- not an easy item to find. I ordered this item and was very 
Tivoli Radio. This is one great radio. This is my 2nd one. I ve had my 1st one for five years and purchased another for my office. Great sound, reception 
Everyone should have one. The karaoke machine was delivered in a quicker time than anticipated and was in perfect shape. It took only minutes to put together and we were 
Great flash drive. Very portable, comes with three different colored caps and a lanyard. Easy to use, just plug into USB port and save your data. Shipped quicker than expected, 
A good first guitar. I just got this guitar for x-mas and I thought it was really great, the sound is good, it looks good but the problem is the 
Great Headphones. After trying several brands of headphones, for both running and cycling, I feel these are the best headphones on the market. I have had no problems with earpieces 
AMD 64 Socket 939. Great! I upgraded the computer I built for my step mother. I works great and is an excellent buy  
zune rocks. I am using my second zune, and is awesome. The first one got broken almost the day after I received it. Amazon did a good job replacing the 
Great - Nice and heavy easy to read at night easy touch for typing. I hate the lightweight keyboards that need an anchor, not a problem with this keyboard, and 
Best Digital Pictures Ever. Love this Dye-Sublimation method. I have a Canon Pixma too and it does not come close to the excellence of this method. Wish there was an 
Best tuner in the business. To me, the most outstanding thing about this radios is its tuner. It brings in clear sound from stations that my other radios cannot receive 
Great heater for the price!. Living in MN our below gound family room can get pretty chilly. We are very pleased at how well this heater warms the room and 
Awesome. Great shipping. Very fast. Useage is easy and battery life extends much better than the TuneJuice 1 did. Thank you  
Excellent performance. The graphs, the resolution, the speed are excellent. Totally compatible as much with Windows as with Linux Ubuntu Debian  
Great MEMORY CARD!. I purchased this for my new Sony T-9 digital camera, and so far... all has been PERFECT. Just click it right in, and you have a GIG 
In the field. I am presently stationed in Iraq and our unit purchased dozens of the Rinos. My Rino has survived 145 degree temeratures, sand, grime water, and the other 
So far ... fabulous!!!. I have had this printer for almost a month and am so far thrilled with it. I am on Mac and the set-up was painless and 
Brother fax great deal. My daughter just started online college courses and needed a fax machine at the last minute and she was limited on her budget. Amazon had the 
Superrific!. Absolutely Perfect. 24-7 Customer Support for setting up configuration from a Pentium III with ME operating system to Dell Inspiron 1705 Centrino Duo with Vista OS. Highly recommend  
good product. Needed a new radio for the office. The used and new category offered one of these new in box for 104, so I bit, and am glad I 
Great Wall Arm. Second arm I ve bought. Great function. Smooth against wall. Easy to install. Use Phillips #3 when drilling screws into wall with power drill, otherwise head of 
Excellent system. I ve had it about a month now and I couldn t have found a better deal. Movies are fantastic to watch and hear. I had friends and 
Does the trick. If you are looking for a good,basic,cheep flash drive, look no further you found one.  
The Elite of the Ultimate. Never a better caluclator in existance.Used it all thought Calculus classes and Computer Science. It does everything. Fast, smooth, pretty print flawlessly and more memory 
Great Sound, Nice Size. I found the sound to be excellent on this unit, especially given the smaller size. Crystal clear sound even at maximum volume. Much better than I 
Great, well made product. This well made product is all it claims to be. Read the description and expect the best. I strongly recommend M-Audio s iConrol GarageBand Controller. It 
Good Quality Discs`. I have burnt a few discs and so far no coasters, They are burning at 8X in my NEC 2500A burner. That is pretty considering that it 
Speedy. Compared to other card readers I have experienced, this one is quick and easy. much preferred method of transferring digital images. gets the job done  
old standby. This is about the only mouse I buy, have gone through a couple of them in the past few years. I just can t see spending alot of 
Wonderful so far. I love it...bought it for the bedroom, the sound and volume is just perfect for the size room 14 x20 . It is what it s suppose 
Good product for the price. Pros:A lot of features such as Video Playback, MP3, Organizer, Alarm Clock, Voice Recorder, FM Tuner. Using their software is basically like opening up explorer 
12 FUBR REVIEW. First I would like to say these subs are amazing when hooked up right, I own two of them and love them. One thing I would recomend 
Works for me. I have owned this shredder for over a year and works fine. Shreds credit cards as well as multiple sheets. I don t run it over 2-3 
A RARE GEM IN A SEA OF MEDIOCRITY - A WIRELESS N ROUTER THAT WORKS!. Amazingly, this product worked... right out of the box, and without me having to be 
lots of music for little money. It does take awhile to figure out how to actually use it BUT its well worth the effort. I highly recommend it. Its inexpensive 
thank you. Thank you very much. The item was exactly what I wanted at the price stated on the web and it arrived quickly. Thank  
Best Laptop lock so far. This is by far the best laptop lock I ve used so far. The cable is solid and thick, yet the lock head is relatively 
Pretty Good. These headphones seem to have a good sound and are rather comfortable. If you have a large head you might want to flip them around right to left 
fixed the probablem. Since installing the volume controller it seems nice not having to turn the volume up and down on the remote anymore  
Superb. I m completely satisfied with the purchase but I have a small problem to solve and couldn t do it with your associated merchant. I m fed up trying 
Flawless Performance. Purchased my Xm2Go in December 04. Never was impressed with the personal antenna for portable use. I was heading for two weeks at the beach again this summer 
Excellent router, great range, interface, packed with power features. I just replaced my semi-dysfunctional WRT54G Linksys router 2nd in a row with this router, and I couldn t be happier. 
Excellent tablet. After fiddling with the tablet for 15 minutes in photoshop, paintshop pro, and openCanvas 1.1, I finally got adjusted to the tablet. The thing works beautifully! I m 
A flash of color. The print quality is excellent in my Epson Photo Printer, using Epson photo papers. However, the cartridge gets used up very fast. It would be cheaper 
Good for tests. Lacks accuracy and convenient features. FX-260SOLAR is light, slim, and durable. This is also the official calculator for use on GED Math tests and is permitted for 
Best Option for the Price. What s better than a joystick thats high quality, solid feel, programmable buttons and NO wires!! You just connect the little sensor to a USB 
Works great!. I installed this unit in my basement about 6 months ago, and it has been working flawlessly ever since.Things I noticed:If the power goes out, the unit will 
Zumo 550 with updated software 04 2007 . I just wanted to comment on the Zumo 550 with current software. I purchased this unit about 3 weeks ago and before 
Excellent quality disks - no coasters. I have burnt many DVDs on Verbatim both R and RW and Verbatim has excellent quality. Not a single disk went bad during burning, 
Worth the price. The other good reviews cover it pretty well so I ll just add what I see missing..As of version 2.x of sonos software you can share music 
Small and portable, but the scroll wheel sticks. I just bought a new ice Mouse Jr. to replace my older iOpti Jr mouse same design, but translucent blue instead of 
Great product. I m a web programmer and use my mouse a lot everyday. This maousepad is nice and slippery, and my hand feels the difference at the end of 
More information on the product from sonystyle.com. As of this review the product information page here is quite bare, so here s additional information about this tape from sonystyle.com:Sony s 
Absolutely best product if you value battery life. The best thing about these players? The battery life! You ll get 45-55 hours on a single Alkaline battery-and this is TRUE 
Good unit. It does what it is supposed to do...worked immediately out of the box...performs well and the price was right....buy again? Yes....  
Very slim and useful for a cool user. I ve had this drive over a year and have used it continuously to store notes and documents both at school and 
You need good cables for Component. Acoustic Research makes cables that are as good as they can be made before hitting a massive wall of diminishing returns, yes, cables can 
This battery is awexxome!. I ve been buying from Amazon.com for many years, and this is the first purchase that they invited me to review the product. Well, this is 
Great first keyboard. I really liked this keyboard. It s my first keyboard and it works great. I liked the great price and can t wait to learn more songs. 
excellent mouse. I ve been a gamer for almost 20 years. This is the best mouse I ve ever owned. It is fast, accurate, well formed and constructed. I would 
Lexar SD card. I found that the price of this card was very good, but the reason for this review is this. The transfer rate of the card is excellent, 
good card. easily not the best card out there, but it does offer good performance for its value..A good buy for those who still use AG  
Good Music Player. I bought this about 2 months ago and its a really good deal. It is very easy to use and i was able to download music form 
Great dvd burner. This is a solid device, and I like the included software for burningb dvd as well as c  
Exactly what I was looking for!. I tried a few cases before I found this one. I wanted a nice, hard case that included click-wheel protection as well as a 
Great Cheap Wireless Audio Solution. I had initially purchased the Acoustic Research AW871 wireless speakers, but they were horrible. However, I have been very pleased so far with the sphere. 
Great for Mac OS X too!. The manufacturer only lists software compatibility with OS 9. Guess what... Mac OS X works great with 10.3 has built in support. Just plug 
Perhaps the best price performance sub around?.... I highly recommend this sub to anyone looking for a great value in home theater. I did so much research and reading before 
Good price, Good product. So far we have enjoyed this product, the only critisizm I could give is that the description of the product wasn t very detailed and I 
Great for a small office! But...... I received this shredder about a month ago. In the first few days I ran 3 large trash bags of documents through it. It 
Great all-in-one set-up. I use the GXM30 with the Zumo 550 and it is a great all in one set-up. I also use the cyclegadgets mount for the antenna which 
Good product, but not very cheap!. I really enjoy the DVD-RAM format. It seems to read a lot quicker than -RW RW and offers an easier method of erasing all 
Great little HDTV receiver for the Mac. Actually it took me quite a while to find this little gem on the internet. My Google and Amazon searches weren t turning 
bigger than I expected. it is bigger that I expected but I do not care. good and cool idea and works well.  
Excellent Product. A great off-brand product for the price. Probably not designed for active endeavors...but for walking or sitting it works great. All the functionallity of the brand names without 
Nice case that preserves the look of the iPod. Great case when you want to protect your iPod s surface and still preserve its looks. Not a good case to 
No Monster price. I just connected these cables to my brand new Sharp Aquos 42 1080p HDTV via a Comstat Motorola box & the resulting pictures are awesome. I also 
Great MP3!!. Downloading music and copying tunes from a CD is a snap! I can t seem to put my MP3 down. It was a wonderful investment  
Perfect for my needs. In spite of some of the poor reviews for this product, it met all of my expectations 100 . Thanks to the reviews, I understood that 
Great!!. Pioneer has done it again. This is a fantastic receiver and very economical. I don t pretend to to be a sound specialist but I know what I like 
convenient, portable, exactly what I wanted. I purchased this after looking at several solutions for a video TV monitor for my exercise room. After looking at several conventional solutions, I 
ink cardridge hungry?. i have this printer for 6 months now without problem, though it already costed me a number of ink cardridges. i calculated it only makes about 50 
One minor problem. I have been using Dragon Naturally Speaking with the Sony BM1, the Sony mx-20 and the olympus dm-20. All rate well with Scansoft The BM1 is the 
cobra gps 120 volt adaptor. When it came it was a carrying case so I sent it back. Amazon apologized and said they would rush the correct item. When it 
Better than Sidewinder. Great joystick! I didn t think I could find any better than my Sidewinder, but I was wrong! Very configurable and smooth  
Absolutely Great Small Ones!. I bought my Bose Companion 2 speakers mid-2005 in Tokyo, Japan, while I was there on an official business trip. I was starting to get bored 
Great batteries. This was the best deal I found on rechargable NiHM batteries and that too these are made in Japan by Sony. It has a capacity of 2300mAh. I 
Excellent Printer. This printer is wonderful and the picture quality is superb and they are so clear. I have a Cybershot T-1 camera and the combination is nice. The printer 
no Mac support. as a Mac user I was highly upset when I found out that Cannon doesn t support Mac  
Mostly great. The radio works fine, and I like the features it has, but there are a couple things that aren t great about it. The buttons on the remote 
Wish I would ve went with this from the get-go. I ve been through about three different cases now, and this is by far the best one. The greatest quality 
FujiFilm 256 MB xD Picture Card REVIEW. FujiFilm 256 MB xD Picture Card, Type M 600004661 I own a FujiFilm A350 digital camera that came with a 16MB card. This 
Well worth it!. We ve only had these speakers for a month now, but are already impressed with the quality of sound. The subwoofer is on a hardwood floor, so 
why pay more?. With the price of cables being high because of the need to hook up all the high end audio video, I doubt that most people could tell 
Imp. info. I can t rate make comments on the quality since I haven t used it after purchase. If you are planning to connect with a PC laptop then 
Great!. I purchased this faxphone approximately 4 months ago and absoultely love it. It is reliable and quick and have no complaints at this point.  
Works perfectly. If you follow the directions exactly as they re written, it ll work perfectly right off the bat. Saved me a bundle over buying an HP JetDirect card 
Good quality, sturdy notebook bag. It s a good quality notebook bag that can fit 17 laptops notebooks easily. Balances well on your shoulder unlike some bags that rest lopsided 
Why I still like this PDA, continued. I found out the way to copy photos from my CompactFlash card onto the iPAQ. It s not hard but more complex than 
Solid Router - Flawless performance. Zero problems. Clear, easy to understand interface. Great wireless performance  
Absolutely adorable. I ve been a fan of Hello Kitty ever since I was little, and when I saw this TV I had to get it. It s absolutely adorable 
A Second Hard Drive. T ve been using Panasonic DVD Ram for over two years and cannot imagine not having it. I installed an LG4082 on my PC because it 
A great wristband for the Nike kit. I got an ipod and Nike kit for my birthday with the Nike armband. I loved it, but could not get the hang 
Excellent module for dell 700m. Works perfect for my dell 700m. Saved me few bucks over dell offered memory upgrade  
Coby CX-CD241 Portable CD Player with AM FM Stereo Tuner, Blue. A great portable device that works great for traveling to use for everyday or holiday CD music. It worked 
Awesome Guitar. This Electric Guitar is a great value!! It has a nice sound and different modes. I suggest to beginners that you get this guitar. It has a guide 
Rugged. I bought this for a harsh work environment for a piece of equipment such as this. I have 20 pound boxes land on this thing all day and it 
excellent purchase. I had a Motorola tow-way radios, and there is not comparison. The Midland are more resistant and they have better performance that talkabout...  
HDMI to Male Inline Adapter. Great for connecting MDMI to DVI devices. Securly locks to the DVI device  
Exactly as advertised. I was so disappointed with the other capture devices that I had purchased. I figured this was one of those times I would have to wait a 
quick. Not sure what it is but my rom seems to find these disks quicker and likes burning to them because there done faster then others with the same ratings 
No problems here. Maybe beginning ones were a bad batch? Had mine months now and it works great. Everything it says, it does. No problems keeping it in the system 
A Super Watch. A Tremendous Value!. I ve owned this watch in several incarnations for the past 20 years. Although I ve wandered and purchased competing watches, I always return 
Works great; Maybe Too Simple. Plugged it in and it worked right away on an OS X Mac running X Plane. No other software needed.Good, solid feel; doesn t walk 
Great piece of gear. I have had it for a few weeks, and I love it. Most of the time, it sits on my desk at work and I use 
Epson S041465 Borderless Photo Paper 8x10, 20-Sheets . Works great with my Epson R200. Maybe not a top of the line printer for photos but it works super for me. 
Nice TV. Very nice TV. I especially like the picture. I went to many stores to review TVs because I was especially interested in having a good picture. So, I 
A pleasure to use -- great keyboard, fast lookups, compact size. This Sharp electronic dictionary is the perfect pocket companion for those times when you don t have your laptop, 
Almost Perfect TV. I bought this tv after a lot of shopping around. It had to best picture by far. It had 2 HDMI ports ,which almost no tv s 
effecient and fun. I read the reviews on different wireless keyboard sets, and this one seemed to have the most positive ones. We bought it used, but it has worked 
LOVE IT. I love the CHI products...just don t love the salon prices. It s an amazing straightener. My only gripe is that you can t adjust the heat setting...but 
Very Good but not Great. I bought this at Circuit City for 699, but it was worth it due to the financing offer along with the other equipment I bought 
Great monitor for the !. I found a really good deal from [...] on this monitor, and I have to say I have no regrets in buying this 22 economical 
Works great for screen & new smudges. This product works great for my ibook G4 screen and also for cleaning off most smudges on the case, although it seems like 
Does The Job. Arrived promptly and in pristine condition. Works well with my Zen Vision: M. Came with two adapters--one for the car charger, one for the wall charger. The 
The Last Serious Radio. It s unclear when it all began - somewhere in the last couple of decades, the quality worldband radio receiver slowly faded away. The great names 
Great Drive. 2nd Western Hard Drive I have purchased. This is being used as a slave, and no problems  
Well done!. This is an exelent product and is one of the few items I have purchased recently that actually exceads my expectations.Not only does it perform as promised but 
nice case, a little pricey. when i opened my package i was a little disappoined with this product but after using it for a while i learned to like it. 
Worked great for me. Simple to understand and install. I ve had no problems with it functioning. I have Windows XP SP2 Home and a computer with Pentium 4 at 
perfect. arrived when said,new in good condition...this is a compact. Easy to install, easy to use. Quiet and efficient. Perfect for the small home office with needing to fax occasionally. 
Fulfilled the need and then some!. When it comes down to it, what can be wrong with am enclosure... it either works or it doesn t.. everything else is either 
Movie theater in my house. Pretty sweet. Did a lot of research for the best home projector under 1000 bucks. The Mitsubishi won. It s not without flaws - it 
Great Quality. Great little box. I have three video game consoles hooked up to it and they all work without a hitch. It even includes a handy remote. My only 
Works great.! Auto power off NOT a problem... Got this for my home theater pc. It works great! Range is about 10 feet or so.For all those reviewers complaining about 
Perfect for Garage Band!!!. Just like many musicians out there, I have about every adapter in the world and tried to get by with using them to make recording possible. 
Bluetooth Dock Allows GPS-360. First received item Non-working the second replacement works as it should  
The Student s Side-kick. If you re a student and you don t use a DM-20, your missing out. This recorder can record, non-stop, right through those 4 hour summer 
Kingston Technology KVR133X64C3 256 PC133 256MB 32MX64. Works great. Just snap it into the slot and turn on my pc. In a few seconds I was up and running and 
Brother QL-500 Label Printer. Great Printer, Fast, Easy to Hook Up & Easy to Use  
Great product owned two of them.. I purchased a brand new MFC-8440 1 yr ago and continue with excellent usage. As my business grow, I needed another one so I 
MUY BUENO. Estuve buscando bastante y me sorprendio que SONY tenga este producto a tan buen precio. La calidad de las imagenes es excelente en High Def pero carece de 
Great quality and Inexpensive. Great for Connecting My Computer to my HDTV. I am using this cable to connect my compaq presario to my Samsung HDTV LCD 32inch and the 
Good Metal work and fit, short wires. I was impressed with the fit of this case. The lack of insufficent stand offs, short front panel leads put a stick in 
Big!. Awesome mousepad. It feels indestructable. Regular use will not make it slide. The mouse itself slides over the surface easily and smoothely. But check the size. This is a 
Great Printer shame about the toner costs. Printer works great over a network although have had difficulty setting it up with Bonjour.It works out cheaper to buy a new printer 
Great PC speakers. I have been using these speakers for about two years now they sound great. The bass is very powerfull, Note AM USING IT WITH FOUR SUBWOOFERS. Roger 
Good signal. This is a well made antenna and is fully adjustable for optimom signal strength. Completely weatherproof. Works for delphi and sirius  
Great value speakers - won t disappoint for the price. I bought these speakers to use as rear surrounds in my Home Theater system. But after listening to them for 
Worth the Money. I travel a lot, mostly flying into an area and renting a car, and this add-on to my Axim x50 has been a fantastic tool. It s 
The Only Better Earbud Might Be........ The UE Triple.fi 10 Pro......beacuse if the 5 s are the Rolls Royce of earbuds, then the 10 s must be the Bentley s 
Best Earbuds I Have EVER Owned. I have had an iPod mini for over a year now and everyone knows iPods come with the classic white Apple earbuds. Well, one 
Dang Good Bargain. Wow, for 20 this was a steal! My laptop doesn t have a floppy drive, so this is a nice edition. Don t bother getting the other 
Convenient and adds peace of mind. I bought this card to use in my cell phone. works like a charm and as advertised. A must have if you take a 
1gb sd card. Sandisk cards are great. Got this one for a terrific price! Very pleased with the product and price  
More than I expected. This bag is very well made. It will carry everything you will possibly need. The trick is to learn where you put everthing  
A note to the ignorant. I recently purchased the tunepower, even after reading the above reviews, as I do have firewire on my laptop, and, I have the ac wall 
Personal DVD and IPOD Player. Impressed with the quality of the display and ease of use. 2 major drawbacks: battery life barely makes 2 hours; size of the unit is 
a pretty useful product. The iPod shuffle is nowhere near as reliable as the other iPods. I ve had one break on me, and my new one doesn t work 
Easymount. The product worked just as advertised. Went up on the wall with ease and performed the job it was made for. I had no problems with the installation, as 
Content is king. Pros: Three customizable video profiles movies, broadcast TV... ; Excellent brightness and contrast; good viewing angles L & R of center; Generous input options;Cons: Big, centered on 
hugh memory storage. It is very good on memory storage. It can keep my photos much more than 800 photos. However, with pretty big memory, my camera is so slow 
Quality Jewel Cases. For slim jewel cases these are quite impressive. Their durability is outstanding and actually better than I expected. Usually I have been using slim cases primarily for 
Corner Antenna. I have two hawking antennas the little dish one and the corner one. I think the corner antenna is for putting out the signal and not recieving the 
It s so convenient. I run a CPA office and this little work horse eliminates the need to buy those 8.5x11 sheets of lables. It works nicely with Word and 
glad I bought it... One of the most used items I own - commuter companion . The few problems occasional reboots - reseat battery , are well worth it. The 
StarTech PCI POST test card. This simple PCI board shows the BIOS boot code during the system POST making troubleshooting mainboards and peripherals no guesswork. Each of the POST self 
La solucion perfecta para el usuario wire less. Producto altamente recomendable que tiene diversas aplicaciones como antena wire less y como adaptador para puertos USB para antenas de mayor capacidad 
Works Great. Im not exactly sure what problems this is supposed to have? Mine works great was extremely easy to set up and works like a charm! I havent had 
Good listening. I really like these earphones. Clear sound. Got shocked on the shaking setting. Didn t realize it was on. I can live without that. I charged them once 
Great phone. This phone system works great. It s totally wireless. I have them spread out from the basement to the second floor of the house. The main unit is 
good buy. I bought 2 of these and gave them as gifts. The 2 people I gave them to were thrilled with them.  
greate wireless router for home. I bought this device to upgrade my 5 year old LinkSys 802.11b router. The Linksys device has been suffering lots of stability problems over time 
Very nice basic MD player recorder. This MD player has been a musical piece in my second system. I d recommend it for a mid-level stereo setup  
iPod Remote works well, but... This new Griffin AirClick remote works well, similar to the previous design which plugged into the top of the iPod. The problem with this one 
Keep using your serial Wacom... I m very happy with this device. I have an older model Wacom ArtZ II 12 x 12 graphics tablet over 10 years old , 
It Takes Time And Tweaking . However, Once You Get Things Right, This Set Is Surprisingly Good. At first, I was admittedly reluctant to purchase this set because I had 
As good as 50 non-1080p plasmas get and now affordable. I bought one of these last fall for 3500. They now sell for about a K-buck less. Fellow at Best 
Best for the money. Don t be fooled by 60 cables. The electrons don t change and this cord does a great job. I have 3 different StarTech HDMI cables 
Top Quality MultiMedia Card. I ve had this multimedia card for almost three months. I use it in my Nokia 9500 Communicator, Nokia 9300 Smartphone and in my mini flash 
Similar to the Asian market Karaoke Mics. I was looking for a long time a good karaoke mic to purchase. Looked at all the popular asian brands like the famous 
Plug and PLay. I wired the house with Cat5e. The color coded feature is really great, the numbers light up to let you know if you re connected at GigE 
FAST SERVICE EXCELLENT PRODUCT. ARRIVED VERY QUICKLY,GOOD QUALITY AND VALUE.WOULD HAVE COST 2X AS MUCH TO BUY EVEN AT A WALMART STORE  
good for the money. this product made by sony is very dependable. Its a great bargain for this high quality product. My only complaint is that the cable is a 
XM - Xpress Home Kit. This product was easy to install and was exactly what I expected and wanted. It is a perfect way to enjoy my XM radio at 
These A V cables are worth EVERY penny!!. Being that the TV reception coming out of my VCR is always crappy, the first thing I did after getting my Monster 
Works excellant!!. I used the mini ccd s with my Sony Mavica digital camera. Camera would burn to cd then I coud transfer them on diff pc s off the 
Finally a wheel with all the features!. I ve had a few wheels before, but finally Logitech came out with a wheel thats simulation grade. The 6 speed shifter works 
Almost perfect - use new drivers though. I bought this for the size and the bluetooth. It is thin and fits nicely into my keyboard drawer. My notebook has bluetooth 
No Problems SWEET. I installed these cards on two of my machines under Winxp and had no problems whatsoever. Just plug and play the way things are supposed to be 
I WISHED I HAD THIS DURING HURRICANE RITA!!!!!. I love this radio! It s awsome! When the clouds look bad I make sure it is tuned to my NOAA that 
Good addition to Intel Imac. The Belkin USB hub performs as expected and provides the additional USB ports required in a digital darkroom  
Excellent performance, build, and quality. I did some research between the Archos, Creative Zen Vision, and this A2 before I bought it. First things first, the Archos has some glowing 
Pleasantly surprised. I am very, very pleased with my eVo3 iSkin. I needed something that would protect my new iPod from scratching and dropping, but also something that LOOKS attractive 
Stupefantabolous. A great little gadget that will live next to my computer for a long time, the price is just right, and once you learn how to program the wheel 
Great laptop bag for an overnight trip. I ve had this bag for almost a year now and I couldn t be happier with it. I don t use it 
IPOD video. I had previously purchased one from ebay and the wires were thin, this is sturdy and durable works like a charm.  
Great Truck Stop Fax Machine!. Our HP 4-in-one unit kept jamming and we were losing business. We asked out local computer repairman to replace the HP with a unit that 
Works Well. Works and feels just like a laptop keyboard with a touchpad mouse. While the touchpad can be a little imprecise and or touchy, it is no more so 
dual antenna input splitter. This item worked just as advertised. If you need one, buy this  
Wacom Graphire 4 review. I love this tablet! I get the functionality of a tablet computer on my little thin Sony. I almost bought a tablet notebook, but it was 
Awesome. This Mp3 Player is pretty much God s Mp3 Player.30gb hard drive; 30some hours of playback; supports videos, music, playlists, pictures; has a dynamic playlist that can be edited 
Great Product - Must Buy. Great Product ..Even better Sellers. The product is awesome.. transcend is .. no doubt the best for flash drives.  
Low Profile Plasma Mount. Mounted a 50 plasma without any problems. Take your time with placement and follow the instrustions. Check and double check you drilling alignment to make sure 
I love my Zune Dock. I love my dock. My mom bought it for me as a gift. I have almost all of the Zune accesories. I keep the dock 
This travel speaker set is great!. Bought this to take to the beach and with us on vacation for hotel rooms etc. Used recently on a trip to Miami Beach 
CD DVD cases. What can I say, they are cases. Great price for cases if you use alot like I do  
SAMSUNG DLP TV..SUPERIOR IN ALL ASPECTS. I have to admit we made the right choice with buying this Magnificent TV. We have reviewed and tried JVC & Sony Lycos, and 
Awsome gamepad. I bought this game pad to replace my logitech wingman rumble pad and it works great and its alot better than the wingman rumble pad.I highly recommend this 
overheating solved!. Had overheating issues with laptop but, no more. Looks nice. High quality. No reservations  
Perfect price, perfect item. Okay, it s a bit loud. But it works. And works. And works. We ve purchased models twice as expensive, only to watch them deteriorate within 
Works Great, look for the new 5V version. Works Great! Clear lights indicators. There are Old 7V DC and new 5V DC version on the market. I would only want 
Just what I was looking for. I wanted something that would protect my Sony DCR-PC350 camcorder while traveling but wanted to keep it small to take advantage of the camcorder 
Great as Usual. This is a great large capacity card. Very fast saves. Just what I expected from SanDisk  
Pretty good but not top... My first CB radio. Works very well for on highway use and NOAA weather anywhere...really anywhere. Not the top model but good for a first 
Good, reliable, and inexpensive. I ve had this hub for two months and have had no problems with it. Installation was a snap, as it should be for a basic 
clear, balanced sound. The sound from these in ear monitors is amazingly detailed and clear for the price should be &lt; 80 shipped and I wholeheartedly agree with all the 
Good alternative. I think that this was a good choice, because you can erase games of your Palm and free space. Remember, Palm is not a toy. You will not 
Fair Radio Is Worth the Money for Casual Radio Needs. For the price, the Panasonic 2400 is worth it, that is, if you have no special reception needs. The AM 
Mine broke, but i really like it. I read the other users comments, and I didn t experience any of those other problems. In fact, I think the sound on 
Wireless G Print Server with Multifunction Printer Support. Fast service, terrific product would buy again from this selle  
Does what it says. I like it. It moves the air out the back pretty fast. Keeps my legs from melting with my HP shooting all the air down. Now 
My favorite mouse yet... So far this has been the best mouse that I ve ever owned. It is just for home use, but I love not having yet another 
pretty cool. well my kids got them for christmas and they love it. dont even really think of this as book light as its primary function. it has an excellent 
Archos DVR Docking Station for 604 Wifi. Excellent product that makes recharging and watching videos or even listening to music well worth the price for the Archos  
Linksys SRX PC adapter. Does all it claims to and more. Very powerful, Range is impressive  
Great features. Great price!. What more can I say? It is everything I expected  
1GB Xd Picture Card Type H. I received this picture card within 4 days of the purchase. The card works great  
Love it!. We love this TV. We are not techno geeks so I can t go into any details, but the picture quality is great. Amazon s service is wonderful 
N love. I love this Monitor, its all it says it is. I got it for games mostly and it performs great. Its got a great response rate too. There 
SWEET. Very nice. Might sound small but I ve been able to make really good use of it for line drawing, diagrams, demos and photographic toughups in photoshop. Included Waacom 
Great for my Razr. If you want to connect your Motorola Razr phone to your computer via USB, this is the cable you need. I had bought a similar cable 
AXWG03S shelf system. Easy to follow assy. and install instructions. Engineered to look great and last for decades. Great value!e  
No Problems. I got my replacement battery and put into the computer. The date started working whenever the computer is off and I haven t had any problems  
Usefull little tool. This is great for the price.I was quickly able to diagnose whether my powersupply had died on me or if it was yet another system board issue.I 
Good memory card. I bought it after I found it cheaper than SanDisk and I thought Kingston is also a good brand. I wasn t mistaken it works perfectly. I 
Great TV. I got my TV about a mounth ago A Great TV easy to set up to work and great to watch  
Amazing. Everything is Amazing in this Unit, It has great video quality, view from all angles, excellent touchscreen feature, but the most incredible thing of this beauty is its sound, 
Flexible do-it-all GPS that has a few compromises. I purchased this GPS back in April of 2006 and have been very happy with it since. It is not perfect, but 
outstanding value. I have owned this little radio for one week now and for the money, it is incredable. I work in a hospital with a lot of high energy 
You get what you get. I have to admit, these have one downfall: they are not very durable. They last 2-4 months. But besides that, they are great.These are the 
Great corded phone. This phone has worked out great for us, the only problem being that I could wish it was cordless. Unlike previous reviewers, I haven t noticed any 
InkJet Cartridge. Great product at a great price. Super fast shipment - This is a great service  
Reasonably Priced and Great Sound. I have two of these devices. The sony that I have cost 20 and clicks when I play it in my one car. In my 
4 roll - photo paper by Epson. First of all very nicely packed, reusable box. Absolutely the same quality as the photo paper in sheets. Easy to use. Excellent printout 
For their function, they work great. I will first start off by saying that yes, indeed they are a tad bigger then normal behind the ear headphones but they have 
TIPS AND OPTIONAL ACCESSORIES. First of all, this is not just a vocal mic, granted it works excellent for vocals, but you can record anything with this. My new minidisc 
zune rocks. I am using my second zune, and is awesome. The first one got broken almost the day after I received it. Amazon did a good job replacing the 
Works fine . . . no problems. I have two of these switches, I m running four PCs from two monitors and two keyboard mouse combinations. I haven t had 
scd speaking dict. I have enjoyed this product, yet there are some words I cant find in the dictionary. Also, the speaker sound could be a bit louder. The words 
Casio Calssic Watch. I had one like this for 15 years, finally went out. I liked it so muchI bought an other one. Thank You Casio  
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
Great label maker. Works great. I bought my wife one for Christmas and after setting it up for her, I had to have one for my business. Most cost effective 
Well... no tickets so far!. If this is your first Radar Detector, it takes a little getting used to. I ve had my Beltronics 995 for about a year or 
Product is good. I was purchased this item for Indian car. The installation is very simple, if you have a knowledge of installing such products then it is much more 
Don t Let Its Ultracompactness and Looks Deceive You. When I first discovered this portable DVD player, I was impressed with how much it met both my normal and oddball 
GB Guitar Cable. This cable is the best input device made for GB. One thing: don t make the mistake of plugging an amplifier up to your computer s sound 
Awesome Solution to iPod s Power Needs. I got the Griffin iTrip to enjoy my iPod in my car, and then I HAD to get a Belkin TuneBase for iPod 
Awesome!. If you have a digital camera I highly recommend this card. It writes super fast and I swear my picture quality has improved. It holds approx. 454 pics at 
Belkin s Power Console AOK. Not only did it condense my spaghetti wires, It even improved my cable reception  
not sanus fault. nice stand...caution check with sanus if it will fit your tv...protron aka spectroniq will not fit any mount and they lie about i  
XM for Motorcycle. The Delphi SA10102 SkiFi Vehicle Adapterkit works well for motorcycle installationalso. I installed this on a SuzukiBergman 400. The SkiFi fits in theglove box well. It adapts 
Every Nano owner should get one!!. This product actually enhances the look of he iPod Nano, while keeping it protected  
Awesome! Painless setup! It Really Works!. After a very disappointing experience with the Harmony 890, I looked for an RF-capable remote control with base station that would be easy to 
Wacom Intuos3 9 X 12 USB Tablet - Metallic Gray. The tablet has been very helpful in my digital drawing classes and in my interior design business for quick sketching. 
Do you have a tape?. My husband was forever asking for a VCR tape to use when football games were on. Now he has plenty  
excellent. perfect, this is exactly what i wanted, came brand new, in original packaging, and i havnt had any problems with it, works every tim  
PERFECT. I live outside USA and for me was a very good opportunity to buy this Microsoft Notebook Laser Mouse for this price, who was very good. Here in Brazil 
Fine, new, arrived in excellent condition. No problems. It arrived timely via ground transport, and was less expensive than on ebay  
JUST IN TIME FOR CHRISTMAS. My daughter is very pleased with the Nano Miniblaster. She has two other mini speakers for her Nano but they are much larger than the 
Great Value for the Price. Our daughter bought us one of these holders in the smaller size. Only holds one row of media I found this one on Amazon in 
Good buy. These CDs are always a great price and a good buy, no complaints  
16 Gauge. If you zoom in on the picture, you ll notice that it s actually 16 gauge wire. I received it and can confirm that it s 16 gauge. 
Pretty good but a little pricey. This fits a Dell 620 Notebook with extended battery, a file folder, and composition sized notebook. I use this to tote my notebook to 
YYYAYYY!. It s very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother. Maybe it seemed a little quiet, but that depends 
Very good tool. Very good, like the large memory storage it provides. Comes with some extra software that many may find useful, although I am simply using it to store 
Well...it worked with my motherboard. FANTASTIC sound for the money! seems to work well with Asus P5W DH, anyway Nice crisp highs, decent mid-range and unmuddied lows make this an 
My Favorite watch of all time. This watch is my favorite and has been for years. The countdown timer is the major feature I need. I use it in the 
Mine works perfectly. We have the original Itrips but wanted this one for travel since it is much eaiser to tune in. The originals work great around town because it 
After all your patience will be rewarded. First of all, I d give five stars for the performance when one is done with setting it up. But in my case 
F#@king the best out there I love it!. F#@king the best out there I love it  
Great...!. it works very good..it hasnt frozen up..or even gotten slow its fast and very easy 2 use..work well with i have for it a GE sd card reader around 
Overall-Worth the hassle. Initial setup could be complex for some, but considering all it is capable of i d say it s worth the time investment.  
Ptouch 1280. I used this Ptouch at work so I ordered one for home use. It works great, just as expected. No problems  
Other users need patience... This isn t a product that you can expect to put on in 10 seconds & expect it to be perfect.Did anyone who gave a bad 
Good. Works as expected in Blackberry Pearl phones. Its a memory card so not all that exciting.  
Great deal. I ve purchased these same headphones before.... They sound and feel great. My only complaint is that you have to be pretty careful with them. I ve broken 
Kensington Orbit Optical Teackball Mouse 64327. This is a great mouse! I have poor coordination so I need a mouse that is has a track ball and will stay stationary 
Mrs. Crawford. My husband have been using this particular jewel cases since he converted his vhs video colection to dvd s about 4 to 5 years ago I think. The 
All the options with a couple flaws. I ve owned Panasonic products for years and been very satisfied with the quality. This product performs well but overall quality seems to 
Logitech LX7 -- Very nice. This is a sweet mouse.When I decided to purchase a mouse and started looking around in local RadioShacks, Best Buys, Circuit Cities, I found that 
Great for Dell XPS 12.1 with Extended Battery. I bought this for a Dell XPS 12.1 with the 9 cell battery. It fits perfect. Good little case. It has a 
RF wireless extender. No more point and press; this device works great, with my Harmony 1000 I can use my remote anywhere in my great room without the worry of 
Works for me. Exactly what I said: works for me. Go for this rather than the plain ol TI-92; this has some features definitely worth the extra cash  
great things come in small packages. When they delivered this center speaker, I thought that someone, somewhere--had made a huge mistake...the box was huge! It was all plastered with caution-signs 
Totally Awesome!!!!!!!!. This Sharp YO-P20HII organizer is the best of the best. It has everything. If you are my age, 13, than this is the thing for you. It traslates 
Perfect for smaller rooms. I bought this system for my living room in a 2 bedroom condo. I paired it with an Onkyo TX-SR604.The speakers sound very natural, and sub 
Tom Tom is great. I have been wanting a GPS system for quite some time but I was reluctant to spend 500 and up for the product. The Tom Tom 
I m Shooping for One. Why is it that you can read review after review of GPS street locators, and virtually NO ONE answers the main question: how and where 
So Far Very Good. I bought this for my new laptop Dell XPS M1710 . I find that it fits everything I need and then some. I have not had 
Useful and well designed. We bought this tool to label a large collection of spices in bottles, and I m really very happy with it. It s very easy to 
A Very Good Buy!. Ya, I have to agree with the other person that has a review about the product. If you are going to run or work out with 
Great product, great price. I was a little skeptical after reading some of the reviews of this product, but they seemed hit or miss so I gave it a try. 
Great receiver. Great receiver for the money with lots of options for multiple inputs. Many features for sound quality also. Despite what some people have said, setup is easy and 
COOL LITTLE GADGET. This FM TRANSMITTER CHARGER is FANTASTIC. Very little hassle to use. It put out very, very little statics sound sometime. What a great way to listen to 
Tough as Nails.... I love my ToughSkin. The rubber bumpers and casing protect the iPod from the shock associated with drops and oopsies as well as providing a better grip 
Works for them, works for me... Price was superb, performance has impressed my two sons. Bought two because each son required his own for school, so low price was very 
LED. Not as bright a beam as I d like, but great for close up jobs  
Amazing!!!. There is just one word to describe this product: amazing. I m full satisfied with it. Just buy it with 1Mbytes mine is 512kBytes . One last thing: the 
Great book but could still be better. I recently purchased and completed my first book using StoryTeller. It was fun to produce, a bit tedious and labor intensive but the 
Rookie Review. I am new to this type of device, but it works well, and as intended for me  
Great Joystick. Bought a pair of these for myself and a family member to play Microsoft Flight Sim X. Installed fine, works fine, no complaints. No conflicts with Linksys 2.4Ghz 
nice rack. It was easy to assemble and matches another one that I bought from the same company a few years ago  
Love my Snap!. I am a digital photo junkie - in addition to taking tons of photos I use several programs to edit them before I print. The problem I 
works in K800i. it works in the K800i. I have yet to test it with a USB adapter, but used the USB cable. Speed is acceptable although I will say 
If your device can take an SDHC card, this is for you!. Over time I have really come to appreciate the quality and speed of SanDisk products and this SDHC 
So far, so good. I purchased this scanner as a replacement for a Visioneer that quit after two years and with very little use. I decided to purchase the CanoScan 
Great Protection... This case is a little pricey...but so is the MacBook. And so if you want great protection for your pricey buy, go ahead and purchase this case. I 
Great product!. I bought this cooling fan because my computer was shutting off on its own, and the problem seemed to be that the computer was overheating. While this product 
The Best DVD-R on the market!. These are the best dvd-r s on the market. I have only had a handful of these not work, out of the hundreds that 
GOOD UNIT, HOWEVER NO RESUME ON CD, REAR EARPHONES!. Just bought mine last week and just like many other consumers, I was searching for CD-MP3-AM-FM RADIO and remote.ADVANTAGES ARE:1 The 
Works Great!!. Works Great. Have used this on long trips got geocaching and it saves on batteries  
fast and simple. This device is great for carriying around with your camera, you can review and share the pictures with any PC with USB available, data can also be 
When they say kit they aren t kidding. I recently purchased the item and knew that some assembly was required. I didn t know that I would be soldering components 
Just shy of great... I bought this enclosure about 1 year ago. I put a 200GB hard drive in it and use it as my dedicated iTunes library. It was 
Does what it is supposed to do. It is a compact flash reader writer and it does exactly that. So I am happy with it  
Fast. I bought for use with my camera Sony DSCH1 and it works very well, it`s faster for download from camera to the computer and for delete the pictures it`s 
DVD Express Unit. I have lots of analog video tapes from the 80 s and onwards. This device works very well in transferring them. The video & audio are in 
As Good As It Gets, so stop complaining. I just purchased this card spent the past 6 hours playing with it and I would have to say it works about 
A Solid Burner. I bought this burner for around 40 . I needed to add this for my system, which didnot have the dvd burner part and also needed to 
Love it. Makes plane flights so much more enjoyable and costs hundreds less than other brands. Only thing that could make it better is passive noise reduction but then it 
Good price and Good service. Shipping took awhile - but considering the weight of this item I still think it was excellent quick shipping service. The price was excellent - 
Both wrong. Ok, first off the MD player does not convert your existing MP3s on your hardrive to a new format on said same hard drive, but only when transfering 
Excelent for the money. Toshiba laptops are screwed when it comes to cooling. Mine would stop several times a day. I tried several coolers from various stores and returned them 
Great capacity and fast download times. This card allows me to store 330 pictures at the highest resolution and the lowest compression. If you want less resolution and or more 
Great price and quality. Great price and quality. I used it for the old Barcode Scanner. It works very well  
Excellent Speeds and Distance!!. my older G with speed booster would be low in signal streath throughout my home.This card along with the SRX400 Router gives you 200 Mps and 
I guidance Rocks. I Tried a couple of pda software included Microsoft pocket, and was disapointed for one resaon or the other. One hundred percent satify with this product. I 
good subs for the price paid. well they deliver like they say . about 400 watts rms they take a lot of pounding from the amp and rarely they distort 
Best Deal!. Simply put, this does what you need, looks nice and the label catridges are cheap to buy - 5 out of 5 for me! I loved it so 
Best Keyboard i could find. Quality sound, Its Grand Piano button sounds very real. I had an old casio before the keys on Casio dont respond as well as this 
great machine for what it does. when my cw-100 arrived i had problems getting it to print. turned out it was defective. i sent it back and the new replacement 
Fine player. The display is incredible. The animated movies that the kids mostly watch come across the screen with remarkable detail.On the down side: With the speakers on the side 
Cheap, Durable, And Works Well. For those who are not sure what this product does...it connects a single headphone jack found on portable audio equipment to right left audio jack 
Disappointed. The setup is less than what is should be. There is no memory of the last input setting. To record the input has to be set every time. Not 
Received Different Model - Set-Up a Bit Touchy. Well, the Controller I recieved wasn t the Leapfrog, the one that was pictured; no big deal. The down-side is the transmitter 
Stunning Juicer. This juicer totally blows me away. I have an expensive Samson Juicer that I never use because 1 it took way too much time for just a little 
Funciona perfectamente en Panasonic DVD Recorder. Con todas las ventajas del DVD-RAM, es la mejor opcin para grabar y reproducir pelculas en un TV de plasma 42 . Slo los 
monster cable subwoofer power center. Nice piece of equipment for your sub. A snap to install, plugs right into an existing AC outlet. Very neat. Two lights let you know 
TigerDirect is great, fast burning with this DVD Writer with one small complaint. I bought the HP Super-Multi DVD940E DVD Burner with Lightscribe from Tiger Direct and couldn t be 
iGo Juice &0. I travel about once a week, and the inevitable finally happened... my adapter got left behind somewhere on my way to a presentation. The only adapter that 
Texas Instruments TI-84 Plus Silver Edition. My high school is making us buy these calculators, and I want to say it is definately worth the price! This thing works wonders, 
Good Quality Ink for an Inkjet Printer. The BCI-3eBk is good quality black ink for an inkjet printer. I have used this ink for a couple of years now and 
Quality picture - no issues. I got this TV to use in an art studio for some training videos, DVDs andconnection to cable TV. It works great, the picture is 
Excellent sound quality and comfort. I wanted to upgrade from the crummy and painful earbuds that came with the iPod Nano and settled on these after reading the reviews. I 
An excellent CF Card. In the real of media, there arent many that stand out to be impressive- and this card isn t an impressive performer, which is why I 
Only the BEST!. I do two to three major PowerPoint presentations every week and cordless presenters are crucial to the success of these presentations. I have tried several other presenters 
Very Satisfied. I purchased this for my 25 year old son who is a Rescue Swimmer in the navy. He has used it almost every day since Christmas and is 
Better than the OEM Adapter. I bought this adapter to replace the spiral corded one that came w my RoadMate 360. The cord length on the OEM adapter was too 
Perfect for Me. If this is going to work for anybody it s going to be me, and it absolutely does. I live in an apartment and use two Macs, 
Great price. How can you go wrong with a price so low. They re good for both parents and kids to use. Not to mention they re easy for young 
Great Gift. I just received it and already love it!!! It was actually part of a promotion, but I ve done research and I think it will suit our needs 
Great lil guy to take with you!. I loved this little unit. It is compact and one of the only ones out there that specifically plays my ishuffle. It comes 
Much more than I was expecting. This is my first swissgear product although I have been thinking about getting one for a while. I have been disappointed with other types 
Great Card. So far this card has been great. I ve run Kubuntu Dapper and now Sabayon 3.3 on it. I also ran Beryl on both distros without a problem. 
Sound is great. Very pleased w item. Compact. Easy to move from place to place  
Crystal Klear. Stuff works great. Used on monitors & laptop. Very pleased with results. Will buy agai  
Really good headphones. Listen Up!!!These babies are some of the best from my experience, which is rather limited. I can say, though, that I ve heard some things on songs 
Sent from the digital God s but, ridiculous price. I love this SanDisk 4GB Memory Stick PRO. It s fast, it has lot s of space, & easy to use. 
Not that reliable but better than DLINK. My first Linksys KVM Died in less than a year but they replaced it no questions asked Mouse connection died Then after ~3 
Great product at a great price. When compared to other 1st generation iPod Shuffle armbands, this one is just as good, if not better, and you can t beat the 
Excellent Product - Great Price. I would consider this a high-end DVD player for a bargain price. The picture on my Panasonic HD-ready TV was excellent after setting the DVD 
Nice Switch. There is not much for me to say here. This A V switch has 3 inputs one output.Just what i wanted. I only have one component input on 
Energizer seems the most reliable. For the most part I just want to keep it short. I usually always by Energizer cause they re reasonably priced and seem to last 
Well worth the money. One thing you will read in reviews when people first use the IM716 headphones is a complaint about how they hurt the listeners ears while running. 
awesome deal. I see a lot of negative reviews here, but I ve been using these discs for a couple months now with my PowerBook G4 s Superdrive, and I 
Roomy - lots of pictures. I use this storage card in my Canon SD 600. Get 968 MB of useable space on my camera. A 1GB card is necessary for 
Nice Picture, Solid LCD Bargain. I ve had this LCD TV in my house for a few weeks now and I am very happy with the quality of the picture, 
Great little t.v. I bought this television for the bedroom. It is perfect. I love having the dvd player and headphone connection. I can watch without disturbing anyone. I m 
Great TV. I researched this product and compared it to several out on the market and by far this is the best bang for your money. It is a very 
Crisp, clear sound...compact!! Very satisfied!!. Never wrote a review before but I felt the Kensington 33388 FX 300 deserved much praise! These speakers give a great clear sound with NO 
These Jewel Cases are fine. These clear jewel cases make it easy to see what you have and the slim design saves space. I use them for cd s and 
Happy w purchase. This is our first LCD TV. Our tube TV finally died. My wife actually picked out this unit and Consumer Reports also recommended this unit. We purchased 
Photo Paper Pro results at a standard Photo Paper price. My father and I have been using the Photo Paper Pro line of Canon paper for some time now and 
PowerSquid. I used this for under my desk to contain my cords for my computer system.It works great.I was using 2 power strips and now I am using only the 
Lexar platinum 512 SD Card is excellent. I am very satisfied with this card. The service was excellent and I have used the card without problems. Would purchase again  
Excellent product. I was sick of swapping printers depending on my print needs at the moment. I was also not interested in a switch box that either required manual flipping 
Very Good and Low Cost. Been using this monitor for 5 months without any problems. The built-in speaker are tinny but functional. The monitor stand has only limited angle adjustment 
faxphone for home small business use. Canon makes an excellent product. The instructions were very clear and easy. The packing was great. I am totally pleased  
Batteries, batteries, and more batteries. This is an excellent product, hence the four stars. However, if you want to play it a lot, you must must must invest in batteries 
Form and function at it s best. My old surge protector was getting in my way with it s flat design and a mess of cords drapping over it. With 
FR300 Radio Review. I am very pleased with the product. Even ordered on for a family member for them to use in case of emergencies. Thank you for making this 
great stands. Great stands to have for your Bose 201 or 301 bookshelf speakers. They are very sturdy. Won t tip over. I think the price is high for 4 
Sharing our Internet Connection!. I bought the netgear for the purpose of sharing information between all our family s computers. It delivers flawlessly form working with our printers to sharing 
All My drives are Western Digital!!!!!. This is a great drive. Make sure before you install it that your mother board will accept the speed at witch this drive runs. 
Nice looking and very good power. For computer builders, and moods cases this power is awsome in the look, and delivery a clear power for the computer. Just one complain, 
Outstanding product -- the manufacturer has thought it out carefully. This is a very solid steel mount which easily handles our 40 LCD TV. The packaging is outstanding really in 
For photos. Worked perfectly for what I needed - to transfer photos for my digital picture frame  
Affordable and fast, but does not feel very durable. I just bought this drive last weekend and I have to say I am impressed. It seems to write faster than 
Ergonomic laptop keyboard!. I am a big fan of the ergonomic keyboards. You know the ones with the split keys. And my wrists hurt at times from typing at work. 
Take care of those space-hungry power supplies. It seems like every electronic gadget comes with a power supply that has a bulky plug that occuplies at least two plug-in spaces 
Beware of expiration dates!!. I m glad I read the previous review of the HP 23 color cartridge. I had just put in a new color cartridge in my trusty 
Pro s out weigh the Con s. The sound put out by these are exceptional for the price. Before purcasing alot of the reviews I read said they would be 
I like them very much but mine broke too... I really enjoy these headphones. They sound good, have good bass and stay put on my head while jogging. They also 
Excellent product!. Right now I m using it. My laptop charge quickly, now, in less time than before. The shipping was fast in a good package  
Handy little mouse!. I received my Kensington PocketMouse Mini USB Mouse as a white elephant gift at the office Christmas party, and I love my mouse! It is tiny - 
Sleek, cheap and wonderful!. I used them up and they were great and never had any bad burns  
Great hub - just a few minor issues. PROSSmallCuteSelf-powered - comes with a power adaptor. I have 6 devices hooked up to it, including 2 USB Hard Drives, and it 
Excellent product!. I have used several Garmin GPS units in the past and was really undecided over the Quest II or the more expensive units. Once I received this unit 
Easy to install and works great. The card was easy to install and it works great. Also, J&R Music and computer World is great to work with. No problems at 
the box says 3 min install. the box was right and works well, and at a distanc  
Love picture - love them fast - then this is great!. I received my cannon camera & printer package as a gift - and it s great! Quick & easy! 
good but not great. I bought these after reading reviews .I don t think they sound as good as some said they did.However I am satisfied with them for what 
Excellent DVD player. This DVD player played movies which I could not run even on my laptop. Almost every CD & DVD in my huge movie collection written using a 
Good Bridge. This thing is handy as it will do a variety of things. It works as an access point but you can also put it in bridge mode which 
Best fit for me BUT... Out of all the different styles of sleeves for the Shure e2c earbuds, I like the black flex ones the best. The foam ones are 
Great as a desktop mic. I was using a fairly cheap desktop mic for recording podcasts, and the cheap mic introduced a low frequency hum into the recording. I could 
OK unit if PDA functionality also considered. Before buying this unit, my only experiecne of GPS devices was with the Hertz never lost system by Magellan which I liked very 
Good but a small detail. It s ok but comes with a bunch of crappy demos that can t be deleted unless you format the player using format function from 
Excellent. this is a great item at an excellent price. It works great with my Nikon Coolpix and is very fast. Took 95 pictures using macro setting, Fine, in about 
Solid. I got two of these, and as others have said, this is a great game pad for the money. It feels sturdy and has good, well placed, buttons.  
Very good SD Card. I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the 
Zippy Scan. We love the card scanner, it s the best. Everyone who is a recruiter should have one it saves time and space  
Fuji Rules. Great card, crisp clear shots. Fuji continues to provide the best in pic. cards.  
Netgear FVS114NA ProSSafe VPN Forewall 8. This firewall was configured for a home office network both Mac and Windows based systems along with a router and DSL modem. I believe 
Notebook Case. Great product. Love all the compartments and that it s easy for me to handle. I m handicapped, so ease in use is a big plus. The delivery 
neat little recorder. Very good features in a very small package. Plays back very clearly through earphones, and even tolerably through its own speaker. The area where it could have 
fast fast fast. fast and reliable. My Canon Rebel XTi can barely keep up with this super-fast CF card  
Sound Good, Look Great. I m not going to pretend and say that I m a great audiophile, and pronounce that these phones are the best ones ever made, because 
Great Product = . I bought this for my M-Audio Keystation 88ESGreat product, very simple to use and very accurate, made durable as well  
Sirius Replay Home Kit. Very pleased with receiving the kit promptly and was just what I expected  
Better Than Expected. Thia is my first time using a pen tablet and I talked myself into the luxury because there are times when it is very useful to be 
A lot of space at a great price. This is a great buy because I have a lot of space. I use the card on my Digital Camera and I 
Good charger - simple, works well. Bought this charger through Amazon when we lost the charger that came with our Canon Digital Rebel XT. This seemed like a good option 
Great CB radio. The Uniden Pro538W is a fantastic radio. The front-fire speaker is very clear compared to my other CB. This makes a huge difference because many CB ers 
Great phone, exactly as advertised. Glad I got these phones!After we discovered our son is sensitive to 2.4Ghz or higher frequencies as most children are , and he was getting 
Still the best bang for your buck. Time came to upgrade the AV system again. after exaustive research the conclusion remained the same. Onkyo. Having previously owned a 797, the 
Must Have for Shure users. I agree with the other reviews on the foam inserts for my Shure earpieces in so far as they really do render the music much 
University Purpose. This item is for the connection to a University wireless system, and this particuler unit was required  
Great. This was the least expensive 1 GB memory card I have ever seen and it works as well as it should  
TV Combo. Great picture, easy to set up and use. 88lbs though, difficult to carry upstairs.Delivered from factory in jusy 2 days  
Worth the price. ...especially if you find a good deal on them. I read somewhere that these buds are basically the E2C model in black. I don t have the 
Stunning Large Size Photo Pics - Low Cost. Photography is a passionate hobby for me, and I was looking to buy a high quality, low feature printer for large ledger 
100 Pack Memorex DVD R. Not a coaster in the bunch. I started using these a year back and have stuck with a winner. I won t buy anything else. 
Worth the money. Its worth the money..like the guy under me said make sure u turn everything on. This radar detects cops quickly. U can t fully rely on it 
Excellent Surge Protected Power Strip. I love this design because it is compact, and allows for multiple power supplies to be plugged into it without interference. I also love the 
Nice product - recommended!. So far, so good! Only takes up 1U in our rack. This product arrived in good shape and on time. Setup was a breeze. Right now 
SPDIF output. one reviewer stated that the headphone jack had a nice red glow, which it does, but that is actually a SPDIF laser output. SPDIF is for digital sound 
Unbelievable. This small box is just amazing! Everything works perfectly! Very easy to setup, even in more complex networks modem router . Now, I am watching brazilian TV in Luxembourg. 
My desk thanks me for it. It s quite small height , but if you re just wanting to place a mic on your desk it serves its purpose  
Nice entry level wireless G adapter. Its a handy wireless g adapter with a removable antenna that comes in very handy because it can be upgraded to stronger antennas. There 
CH does it again!. Great stick for games that support switch buttons. Not so great for games that don t. To better discribe this, it s three push buttons for 
Just what the doctor ordered. Began running with the nike ipod as a way to make running more interesting. I did not want to have to purchase nike shoes that 
Great performance and value!. The Sony STR-DG600 7.1 has worked as expected and is a high-quality system at a great price  
Great Prouduct!!!!. I was skeptical on this purchase but once I received it I don t see how I went all this time without it having it. The rack arrived 
Good tuner. Needs good antenna. As this is the only component HD radio currently available, you re either going to get it or you won t.When the HD signal is 
Great product. Although it comes with an installation CD it is simpler to use the online tools provided by Linksys. It has a great signal and is very easy to 
Motorola s Continued Excellence. The Cable Modem Gateway performed as advertised right out of the box.Setup was easy and connection to the internet was established on thefirst try. Once connected, 
D-Link DGS-2208. Great switch - plug and play, works well.Nice product and well priced  
For lite users ony but best for the price. I bought this cleaner to replace and old Maxell manual cleaner that served me very well. I was doubtful that it 
A must for a second vehicle. My StreetPilot III came with one of these, which I mounted in my main vehicle, and I then purchased a beanbag mount for my 
Good MP3 player. Good product, great value, not really a HUGE amount of storage space, but still enough, it has a radio which is also pretty nice, but haven t 
Top Notch Radio -Well Made with lots of functionality,some flaws. Hi folks , I m Vince the radioman . I have a large collection of radios and I love to 
Item is slightly different than picture. I just received this case in the mail today. This is the second one I have bought off of amazon this exact item , 
Great speaker stands. These speaker stands are great. I ordered two sets to use with my bose system and they are perfect. It is hard to justify paying the prices 
Install Firmware update immediately because of a bad bug. I love the product, but I had a major problem. 7 days after purchase, my streetpilot went dead.. and I mean 
A solid product when used correctly. I bought the Toshiba MEV30K last week after searching for something powerful and cheap, and it s pretty much everything I had hoped for. 
Great Product. Have had no problems with this product, great price, quick dilevery and all. Very Happy  
price AND performance. I ve used Epson s Premium Glossy, Colorlife and Heavyweight Matte. The Matte is far cheaper and gives beautiful results. I ve actually found that I like 
Excellent Buy. Kudos to reviewer Fun Robbie who pointed out that this charger does have an input for a cassette adapter or a 3.5mm line and it DOES drastically improve 
Super cute little pink mouse!. I love how this mouse looks. It says super stylin chic techy geek. And that s what I am {or hope to be anyways! : 
I guess we re the exception... We ve had this printer for almost two years. I do a good amount of printing, both color & b w. While I do 
Brother Labeling good as always. I am quite pleased with the TZ231 1 2 Tape. I prefer the 1 2 over the 3 8 tape because it is easier to 
Cheap and Effective. Excellent pruct alloed me to use my dvd player on an older TV  
Fast enough for me... I bought this memory stick when I ordered my DSC-R1 digital camera, because it did not come with memory. I decided to by the biggest memory 
Beats the inline type surge protecter. I have about 6 of these in my home and wouldn t be without them. No need for the extra little 6 inch cords 
Sleep tight. Overall this bedside clock radio alarm has all the functions needed for dual wake-up couples.The only negative feature is the pre-set radio alarm. It would be nice if 
Good product. Worked good. But I made a mistake when ordering.... I assumed a kit came with 2 braces for a set of speakers. Nope. Just one. Had to put 
Epson T007 Ink Cartridge. Great Product, Great Price, Fast Ship! Very Satisfied...Will purchase again!! Bonus...only expected one for the price, but received two WoW!!Than  
Can t Ask For More On A Compact GPS For Vehicle Use. I bought the Garmin StreetPilot i3 for a cross-country trip that spanned 3,100 miles. I loved the fact 
SanDisk 2gb MS Pro. I ve been using this for several months now with no problems. I m using it in my Sony Clie to store audio and video. Audio 
A viable option for kitchen office, etc and a PC monitor too. Overall, it s a good deal for what you get compared to what you spend. Although, the lowest 
Great buy for the !. I ordered these while the free shipping was running so it was a really good deal! They are pretty colors and have held up well! 
No problems to report, decent price and features. This is the second LaCie triple interface USB FW400 FW800 drive I ve purchased, in each case for amateur musicians who wanted 
Great device, great price. This little card is great! It holds almost 200 pictures and is so easy to use. I am definately glad I purchased it from Amazon. Competitive 
Nice Sound. For the price, these speakers are well worth the cost. Of course, in my opinion, anything that dosnt say Creative on it is usually worth the price. Not 
Outstanding item for the price. Sharp picture, easiest TV DVD combination remote and a great look.Recommeded without any reservation  
Great Value!. We ordered this after our VHS DVD combo unit broke. We love the unit and the remote navigation is relatively easy to learn. If there is one complaint, 
good wire, thick too. This is very good speaker wire. I bought 100 feet of 12 gauge in December 2005 for 20 , including shipping. It was a great deal. 
PERFECT STORAGE & TRAVELING CASE for the MACBOOK PRO 15-17 . I first bought the Benthaven briefcase version, figuring backpacks are for the young. Well, turns out backpacks are also 
Amazon.com, the greatest. I ordered a hard drive and then decided it was`nt what I wanted and asked if I could return it. Amazon.com was very helpful and very quick 
Use the D-Link DVKM-4K 4-Port KVM at work - Excellent. Just bought and received within 2 days of purchase the D-Link DVKM-4K 4-Port KVM switch. I have an additional third 
WOW!. This set looked great at the local Best Buy, and looks even better in my living room having paid only 2500-ish with free shipping from amazon.com! LOVE IT, what 
Finally a phone without static and interferance from other devices.... I have been haunted with bad phones for the past 4 years and have tried finding a basic cordless phone 
Remote Control. I love it.......Numbers illuminate so I can find in the dark......I have long cultured nails so the large numbers are easy for me to press....as the small tiny 
Wonderful watch!. I ve had this watch for years....it s a great timepiece. I love the countdown feature...very handy and easy to use. The only reason I gave it 4 
an excellent product. Although I give this product two thumbs up. For those of us with parkinson s like tremors I d say be prepared for a little difficulty at 
Cobra A C Adapter. When I ordered my Cobra system this came up as a pop up item - and it was perfect! During the order, confirmation and shipping process 
Great system for car. I was looking for a small, cheap portable cd player which I could use in the car and also carry with me. The GPX CDP3104CK Portable 
good staf expensive shiping. this is amazing tool bat amazon is not a seler of this product so selers charge hi rate of shiping which is rediciles for smol and 
Great LCD model. I narrowed my TV choices to this model and the Sony KDL-46XBR2. Both had great pictures, but the price differential on the Sony was a bit much 
Wacom Intuos3 9X12 USB Tablet. This is an awesome tablet! It has great pressure sensitivity and the pen allows for fantastic freehand drawing in programs like illustrator, photoshop and painter. 
GPX ROCKS!. i bought this for my daughter s ipod with low expectations--i didn t want to spend as much as the bose system i d heard at a friend 
Solid. First off it worked great and is very nice looking small . This is the cheapest HDMI switch with 5-port I found, but also the most expense video switch 
A great deal! Over 4000 pages!. I have just ordered my replacement cartidge and the last one printed 4637 pages in 14 months. I can t say enough good things. 
Works great!!. I bought this becuase downloading pictures from my Digital Rebel XT Camera took forever and a day to complete. Using this drive only took about a minute to 
Excelente opci on para un televisor LCD de buena marca. Tengo este televisor desde finales de enero.hasta ahora todo perfecto con el tv, lo unico lamentable es qe no hay 
Quality ink for a quality printer. This product provides excellent color and picture qualit  
Classy Wall Mount. This is a great product. It was easy to mount and looks great. The only thing that could make it better is if it let the tv 
Works Great!. After two or three years, my original Creative battery got to where it would only play for 45 minutes after a complete recharge. I bought this replacement battery, 
Just got my Zen Micro Leather pouch today. I just received my Zen Micro Leather Pouch, and I must say it is a good case.I really like the magnetic closure 
Exceeded My Expectations. This TV received excellent reviews from many sources CNet, Consumer Reports, AVS Forum and it is very deserving. The setup is easy and mounting is a breeze. 
bought a used one for 60 inc. shipping. im the type of person whos not gonna buy a brand new item if i can get it used for half the 
for me... it works as advertised... It is not a great piece of hardware, but it WORKS for what I needed it to accomplish. I wanted an automatic single-line switch 
Do the job. Get them on sale. They work just as well as the bigger name brands for a lot less money.  
How many pictures will it store?. How many pictures will it store? It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the 
Great Burner that is highly compatible with different DVD medias. I have one external Sony burner DRX530UL with great experience on branded DVD medias, but not genetic ones. Still I 
Works great with Sling Box. I m using this kit to send the video signals from my Sling Box to my network router, which is located a few rooms away 
My favorite mouse yet... So far this has been the best mouse that I ve ever owned. It is just for home use, but I love not having yet another 
Convenient. This item is included with the purchase of the Cobra 75 WX ST and does not need to be ordered separately - unless you wish to share your CB 
So far, so good. We purchased this for an upcoming two day car trip with kids, so they can watch movies or play Playstation. We ve had the unit for 
Great product, easy setup. I had this up and running in about 10 minutes. Setup was super easy, and everything worked as it should. I didn t even need to 
Tips for users. If you find that they UPS is briefly cutting off power at computer boot up, there s something wrong with your configuration. The UPS is purposedly cutting 
JBL Rocks!. Bought this JBL Venue sub to upgrade from a Sony 100 watt sub. Sound quality is super. I would recommend this sub to everyone. I m using it 
Home Theater in a Box. You really can t go wrong with this one. Not great response but what do you expect for less than 300? On the other hand, 
No Problems. Not much to get excited about with an SD card. Either does the job or not. Price is such one might wonder about quality, so thought I would 
Good Little Router. Cheap router, good download speeds, basic functions.I m using this router with my DSL PPOE connection. Initial setup was a breeze until I kept receiving an error 
Cavalry CAUE37250 3.5 External Module Hard Drive With 7200RPM 250GB USB 2.0 Outside. This is a great value for money and it is very silent and soen not get hot. 
Great switch for XP machines. I did a reasonable amount of research in choosing a switch. Previously, I have used high-end Avocent multiview switches supporting Sun Linux Windows mouse keyboard 
My ears have been opened!. I did a ton of careful homework before ordering this pair of earphones. I have always had a pair of earphones, but never really thought 
great inexpensive printer. I love this printer. Simple to use and great for the price. Cartridge doesn t last more than 2 months if you do a lot of printing, 
Bose UB-20 Wall Ceiling Bracket. Solid build and very nice design. Good instructions on installation.  
Added another 1024 to system. Needed to add another 1024 to my system and since these same brand and spec chips have been in there working so well for about 
It is what it was advertised to be. Have had no problems with this external hard drive. I like it  
Two in One. The convergence of electronics. Instead of spending in a Memory Card and a USB Memory separetly, you can use them both saving some money and space . 
Canon Paper and copier, CP-100 are excellent products. The copier is easy to install and takes up very little space. Using the KP-36IP paper and ink yields excellent picture quality.Changing 
Why pay more?. I purchased this in place of the Apple version. Sure, it s not as substantial, but IT CHARGES THE IPOD!!! Meanwhile, Apple wants you to also buy 
Tivoli Model 1 radio. Very nice tuning - precise, stable. Good sound for such a small package. A bit pricy unless you can find a discount  
great buy. the 2GB memory stick micro was the cheapest on the market. It was as described and it workds very well  
Great product. I liked the product very much. I think I would like to have more spanish song choices, they only offer one cartridge for this model. Cheers!!!  
Amazing quality and durability for the price. Amazing quality and durability for the price. I originally bought double the quantity because I assumed that each speaker must be sold seperately 
great inexpensive printer. I love this printer. Simple to use and great for the price. Cartridge doesn t last more than 2 months if you do a lot of printing, 
2 things to take inside now... The Nexus Car Kit was easy to install and comes with several mounting options. Our biggest challenge is to remember to remove both the 
Makes scanning a breeze... I m very happy with the scanner. It is surprisingly accurate and considering the wide variety of cards I am scanning, it has sorted out even 
THE ONKYO TX-SR504S, NICE PRICE, HIGH END FEATURES AND QUALITY, THIS THEATRE AMPLIFIER IS A NICE SURPRISE................. I do take an audiophiles opinion very seriously as they do know more 
Great product, terrible shipping. This Salamander Designs rack is very well made and looks great. It takes a few hours to assemble, but the result is nicer than most home 
Nervous moms need this!. I never thought I would be a nervous mom. I breezed through the registry, overlooking this item.... who needs to know their baby is breathing, sheesh?? 
Great for a busy professional. This is a great product for a busy professional or grad student who gives their Mac a lot of mileage. I m in law school, 
Zune Home A V Pack Review. I m very happy with this product. Installation and setup are easy and the device plays flawlessly on a Bose Lifestyle system. The only 
Good product, easy to use. The sound quality is not excellent, but this could be due to a poor reception because of location restraints. Overall the stereo makes it easy 
excellent product. This item is very convient no need to tie up the computer, apple should include this with its ipod, shame on you Apple  
don t leave home without it. this must-have accessory gets your picture mate out of the house. the instant gratification when you print freshly-shot pics at parties is well worth 
Great Budget TV. I bought this TV for college, and it fits perfectly in my dorm. The picture quality is pretty decent, though compared to traditional TV, it is not 
Thumbs up. Fast shipping, would buy from again. Memory stick was exactly what I needed.  
A great LCD TV at a great price. I just bought this TV after looking around at similar LCD TV s from Sony and others. I m extremely pleased with 
WiFi for my home; it works. I bought the Netgear wireless router to make my home WiFi. It works fine, even in my basement. I can take my laptop anywhere 
Hello Kitty color tv dvd combo. This Product is great especially when you have kids and grandkids who love the caracters and this new version of any tv dvd combos 
one of the best!. I have been using this transmitter with my IPOD photo for a few days. This stuff work flawlessly and the transmission was strong enough. I tune 
Cheap upgrade for Magellan Merdian GPS receivers. I bought one of these for my Magellan Meridian GPS green brown . It works flawlessly and is MUCH cheaper than the Magellan 
Again, so far, so great. It really is nice to have an external card on the SP-320 that holds almost 600 pictures instead of the internal card which held less 
it s great, but has one small problem. It works great! I really like it. There is one small problem though. The lid is REALLY hard to take off! I 
Really like it. No problems with this SanDisk. I can take about 300 pictures from my Nikon camera. Quality is perfect.  
Great TV if you need a cable card version. WARNING, DO NOT BUY THIS SET UNLESS YOU NEED OR CAN USE A CABLE CARD. Buy the cheaper version without it 
THIS PHONE is an excellent buy, GREAT value for the money. This phone, like other Uniden portables, I have used is a great value. The selling price is cheap and 
Very pleased with the reults!!. I have used this on my nano and it really works. I was a bit skeptical at fist, but after several aplications my nano now 
Don t know what in the world those guys are bitching about!. I have use this cam without any problem. Wireless is rock solid, image good. 270 degree coverage is 
It s not bad. This protector is not bad at all. It s hard to install it without having dust and air underneath protector but one you succeed it s 
I like it. I really liked this product. It made it easier for me to hold the PSP during gameplay, and a lot more comfortable.  
Very Satisfied. This scanner is certainly an improvement over my clunky old Microtek that usually worked but sometimes didn t. I ve had it about a week, and I ve 
Excellent Product... for the Right Cars. I purchased the TuneDok because I didn t want to physically attach anything to the interior of my car. Because my car s cup 
A perfect fit for the Vision:M. I was a little apprehensive at first by the pictures posted by Misticaudio, as I was so used to seeing cleaner looking pictures of 
THIS is how a clock-radio should be. I bought this primarily as an alarm-clock-radio, so sound quality was not my main concern. So why did I shell out a hundred 
Very happy. Item arrived very quickly, the set up was very easy. I m very happy with my choice  
Save the Space. If you have a lot of DVDs or CDs these wallets are the way to go. I have over 800 CDs and they were eating up my 
We never knew how bad the sound was, before!. Thank goodness Radio Shack was out of junky cassette adapters. We then searched Amazon, and picked this model because of the 
Great FM Transmitter. Before I purchased this FM Transmitter I had an iPod with an iTrip that connected directly to the iPod. The iTrip would waste a lot of the 
Better then iPOD s arm band!. I LOVE this arm band. I have had it for about 6 months now. You dont have to take your iPOD out of the 
terrific little mic stand. compact, easy to store, stable......great for road warriors who do podcast interview  
PATRIOT from Swiss Gear by Wenger Triple Gusset Rolling Computer. As I fly at least 4 times a week on several size planes, I needed a roomy tote that would 
Seagate 300GB Pushbutton USB 2.0 External Hard Drive. The best backup solution I have yet used. The device works flawlessly and is easy to install. If there were a downside 
Terrific Purchase. This lanyard is working great with my cell phone. If I don t have any way to store my cell phone on me I just put it around 
Epson Ink. Received the Epson Ink in record time even with regular mail. Name brand Epson, not a refill. Thank you very much - I will order again  
This is the best. I have tried several other companies screen protectors on my Tungsten, and this is the best so far. I was amazed at the crispness of the 
Great media player. I m not someone that is hardcore ipod or hardcore microsoft. I just wanted a good media player that was simple to use and that had plenty 
oh i just love this. i have a working regular black mouse but was getting bored with it ..so this bright pink mouse is a welcome burst of color!! and 
Dual XDM6820: A Dang Good Deal. I too was looking for an iPod connection for my 99 9-3 Saab that was w o original radio cd. I couldn t believe 
Great Portable Power Strip. This power strip is quite compact and easily transported with a laptop. It s great for travel and working in a coffe shop. I m thinking 
only one minor issue. I bought two of these and they are great. So far they are holding up well. They look good and seem to be well built. The 
The Best. Period. I have went through so many Cd-R blanks and finally found some with some good dye and have zero error burning rate. TDK is amazing. The first 
Best phones out there for activities. I bought these for my Zune after an exhaustive search for a good sounding, compact headphone for work and working out at the gym.If 
Floppy Drive. I m glad I found this. My new computer doesn t have a floppy dive.  
Increased reception 100 !. This antenna has been great. I live in Arlington, VA in an area of tall buildings and before I purchased this antenna my StreetPilot c330 would 
Great TV!. I got this TV on 1-31-07 for the PS3 I m getting... and WOW was the picture good! My dad and I hooked it up near our big 
Cant beat it for the price. -Very simple to use. Sound quality is A .-Earbuds have the best sound for earbuds of those type, but usually too large for most 
This switch works... What else do you need to know? You plug in your PCs and a cable to your router - and go. I used a Netgear hub for 
Indispensable Designer Artist s Tool. I have to say that after years and years of greedily drooling at the thought of getting a 9x12 Intuos tablet, I have finally purchased 
Great cable for tight places - better than ITB cable. Got this cable based on a recommendation from a friend. This cable has better shielding and is flexible for routing 
Back up your data for cheap. 100 cds is a lot of cds though you d be surprised how many it takes to back up a PC. Uh, when DID 
good. its good for 170-200 but i feel the case is too fragile !  
Big and fast...and with amazon...value-priced and free shipping. I use this with my Canon Rebel XT, and it works fantastic.With 8 MP camera, you need to have fast media or 
Great image... but just one little detail. I ve purchased the portable DVD DivX player for my kids and it hasn t disappointed us!The only problem that I ve found 
On for over 2 hours straight and not even WARM!. I was very nervous about getting an enclosure for my hard drive, but there was about 50 gigs of music 
Awesome! My expectations are met and exceeded. We ve had this TV for about a month now. We LOVE IT! As many people, I did extensive research and was debating 
Works great. This gizmo is really cool, i use it with my verizon phone and tranfer music and data back and forth as i wish with no problem  
Great Battery - Great Deal. The batteries work flawlessly and have a much longer life than the Panasonic Nickel Cadmium P-P511 at a much lower pric  
Love it. I looked everywhere for a stylish bag that would hold my 17 Powerbook. Acme has very hip designs, but no 17 tote. After discovering Mobile Edge which has 
Great little product!. I read a lot and I was always annoying of having to hold the book open to a certain page. I also hated having to try to 
Solid mount, good for the price. First, I m sorry that I forgot that there wasn t a picture of this mount, or else I would have taken one before 
Better than most, and a good price. Most good to excellent CTR channel speakers will cost you more. 250 - 300 for the highest rated CR is not unusual. I 
Great Graphing Calculator. This calculator has saved my life in College Algebra and I ve been told will be even more helpful in my statistics class and Pre-Calculas class  
Essential product. I bought the original iPod Shuffle for my wife to use as a USB drive and obviously as an iPod. When she goes to meetings in other countries, 
must have for iPod s. My son s iPod looks brand new everytime he uses this  
This is my 3rd ipod. I had a 1st generation shuffle and upgraded to a 60gb video which I adore! However, I found that whenever I went running I was 
Reliable and dependable. These folks continue to amaze me with their advancement of the state of the art in memory, and Amazon purchase and delivery is so dependable it s 
Reliable. Maybe expensive but I trust Monster. My techie friend w parents likes to buy Monster products so i gave it a try. I am a photographer and need good 
The Best. We have six computers in our house and we own 3 of these Belkin Hi Speed USB Ports.I don t know all the technical aspects of why we 
What a price for a 320GB!. I could not beleive what a great price this was for a Western Digital drive. 320GB is a huge amount of space, and I 
Very high quality. Our kids wanted walkie-talkies but the toy ones we got didn t work well.These things have great reception and last for a long time on a charge. 
Nice buy for a new guy!. I would have to say that apart from headphones helping you hear I had no clue when I first started on the road to 
Works better than mounts purchased locally. I have compared the ease of installation and ease of use to other mounts my friends have purchased locally. This is an excellent mount. 
Good quality for the price. I was hesitant to purchase the Ear Huggers after reading other buyers reviews, but I definately have to say that I am satisfied. I wear 
Good value semi-weighted keyboard. I was surprised at the low price of this keyboard considering it has 61 semi-weighted keys. I thought maybe it wouldn t be such great quality 
CyberPad Works. We are all drowning in data and looking for a tool that will help. I have tried many different tools and programs but overall this seems to work. 
Review of Memory card. Gives a lot of extra memory and works well with the camera  
Just what I was hoping for,. Before purchasing this Wacom, I did a lot of research and decided it was probably worth a few extra bucks to get one with 
a must have item. Seems nowadays everything uses AAA batteries or AA batteries and you barely see these used. but hey this pack is perfect for just about anyone that 
Love My Model Two s - All Four Of Them. I started of with the Tivoli Model One and graduated to the Model Two. He sound and design either appeals 
Excellently durable. Technically, this is just a replacement I hope to the one I already have, but I ve been very impressed with them. They ve held up to a 
Easy to use. Great product that works exactly as described. I have not used this as a stand-alone label maker; I ve only used it with my computer. The software 
Great Product. This shipment survived the unusual heat, arrived on time and in great condition  
Convenient. This package provides a neat and efficient way to apply lubricant directly to the cutters through a long, thin spout  
Easy to use and practical. The TiVo is all that it promises to be. It has re-organized how I watch television by providing information about ALL possible showtimes for programs; 
Genuine Product. As expected, these Epson printer carts are the real deal, factory sealed, fresh and exactly what is made for your printer. Cost more than aftermarket brands but you 
Quality Ear-Buds and Case. The wind-case and volume control make this compact set worth the small investment. The sound quality is equal to, or better than, any similar priced ear-buds. 
Turn your SD card into a Flash Drive. Great for those who already have SD card. No need to buy a USB drive. SD card conviniently stays inside the reader 
Really Great!. My husband talked me into to letting him buy this monitor, and I have to say I ended up loving it aswell! It s a nice size and 
good product. Like the others mentioned, the instructions didn t mention anything about connecting the booster to a router. A call to tech support confirmed it could be connected to 
Lock. Used others. This one is the most convenient. If a lock isn t no one uses them  
Love it. I love this bag, it holds my laptop, power cable, cell phone and bunch of stuff. This is the best backpack computer bag I have always had  
from Hi-8 to DVD is a snap. just hook up the camcorder hit play on the camcorder and record on the sony. it will then record for one hour in 
Excellent choice. I bought one of these LaCie drives about a year ago and it has been great. I clone my hard drive to it every night and I have 
Simple and useful item. I found this item pretty useful. It s 2-step brightness helps. I even use this for reading purposes. Great buy  
Great price, easy to use!!. I bought this for my folks for Christmas. It took no time at all to hook up, and making DVDs was simple. Everything from recording 
Love My Walkman. I love this CD Walkman,especially the headset-or should I say ear plugs since it does not have actual head phones over your head. The sound is so 
The price is right !. This stand works great for bringing the monitor up to eye level. If you want to sit comfortably...get rid of back and neck strain...this Targus 
great headphones... The only problem I have with this product is that it slips off my head too much. I think it might be just a little too big for 
Greatness. First time to get into the digital age . When investigating about what to purchase I was advised to be sure to memory stick that was fast . This 
Product desciption could be more specific. I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you must plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m 
Bad timing on my behalf... This is a perfect mp3 player. I had the 40Gb model before this and needed a bit of extra room. You can t ask for 
VERY QUIET! Heats well, controls could be better. This is the quietest space heater ever. Truly quiet you don t know it s on and it does heat very well. 
Bose Radio. new approach with all controls on the remote, none on the radio. I find it quite convenient. Quality is very good and I particularly like getting away from 
I Always Wanted To Write a Battery Review. I used to buy Energizers and Duracells at 3-4 a pop for four batteries. Now I buy generic Alkalines at Costco. Cost: 
a review on line-in recording. I am a d.j. and I was in the market for a recording device. I really needed a product for post reference of my d.j. 
Great fun and educational to boot. I bought this for my 9 year old son, who is very interested in learning different instruments. And secretly, after a recent trip to 
it holds tons of pictures. i can take about 150 pics and i can record seven min. of vide  
HP Photosmart carrying case. Looks like new. Just as described. Fast shippping.Could not be happier. Thank you  
This Really Does What it Says!. I had to add this review as the other reviews were written quite awhile ago.I decided to get it despite the two-star review. For 
Print Up. There are so many times we often see the musts of having a quality printer for all occasions. Although it isn t actually a bad thing, it does 
The Only Choice. If you intend to print color photos with your Epson printer, this is the only valid choice of cartridges  
Great Product. I use this bag to carry my HP NC6000 business notebook. I have received many complements on this bag  
Actually meets advertised specifications!. I have several of the FVS338 s in place. They keep up a stable VPN between several sites and are easy to configure.Problem is that I 
Unbelievable features for a price anyone can afford. I cannot fit all the good things I want to say about this product in only one review. I bought this due 
Fully Satisfied. The device works perfectly. The picture quality is excellent, the documentation is adequate, and the overall robustness of the machine seems good. Loading is slower than my old 
gustavo diaz. This calculator is one of the best available for engineering. I strongly recommend it  
very satisfied. I just purchased this item and haven t had a chance to use all of the features. I bought it mainly to copy my old vhs tapes to 
Perfect for iPod Buds, but not anything else. This item works exactly as described, and is a god-send for those of us who hate spending countless hours un-tangling all the 
GPS works great PDA is a bit slow. The GPS function works great. Apart from one incident when it just froze after repeatedly recalculating the route coz I was driving 
Fantastic way to learn to play the drums. I bought this item after testing it out for a few minutes at a local store, and found that it is much 
I like it. I like the radio fine. Good sound, looks good, I especially like the remote, thats mainly why I bought it. Could use more than the 5 presets 
Wonderful product!. The portable DVD player has turned out to be a great purchase and gift! It arrived on time and there were no problems. I have continued to compare 
Great value. Much less expensive than other brands, especially those available through Best Buy or Circuit City. Seems to work just fine  
As with anything, only buy if you NEED them!. These are cables are great if you have a system that might actually take advantage of them. I have a 50 
Almost 2 years and almost no problems. Minor problems, but very good so far. Had a Zire71, moved up a little. This one should have a shrine built if it 
Circulates air well but sometimes makes noises. The product works fine and at first it was pretty quiet but then when we put it on at night while we re 
Buffalo Wireless PC Card. the card is great. it works very well and is very fast. signal strength seems good but i havent gone far enough away to test it 
These work great, and sound good!. They fit in my ears, and work fine. BUT: the cord is extremely short. There is an extension, but then the cord is very 
Keyspan US-4A 4-Port USB Server. Good product that does exactly what I need with no problems  
Tiny, yet satisfying. The Kingmax drive is truly tiny, as physical size goes. I enjoy showing to people who are convinced it s not really a USB device. It is, 
A good buy. I am happy with my purchase. I haven t had a chance to test it fully yet but it has been performing as expected to this point. 
GOOD. This one is good for replacing your existing stylus. Fit many other model iPAQ 1710 2110 2115 2410 2415 2750 3100 3400 3600 3700 3715 4700 6500 6515. Exactly 
Perfect disk. I ve never used a Ram disk before. Popped one into my Toshiba DvD recorder no problem. Didin t give 5 stars because I haven t been able 
Great value for the money and feather light. When I first opened the box I was surprised by the small size of the headphones compared to the previous 5.1 tank 
Fabulous LCD Flat Panel Purchase. This TV is everything Consumer Reports said it is. This product got excellent on nearly every category reviewed by CR and I am truly happy 
Nice portable bench. I bought this because of the price and because it looked very portable. It can t take the place of a regular bench in my opinion, but 
good controller but... I installed this controller on winXP. While I was playing an emulated game I noticed that my keyboard didn t work and there was no way to 
Great TV at great price. This TV is a great product.Quite sleek and the colors are very vivid.Well thats a property of any Sony product!Got a good discount.  
cbles. they seem to be working great for me. they allow me to hook up all 6 5.1 speakers to my cable box. worth the price  
who would ve thunk it... I never thought I would pay 40 for 12 ft of cable but I did and is worth every penny. My powered sub sounds so 
Happy TV Wall Mount Customer. Very pleased with quality of product...very sturdy. And it came as stated with all of the necessary extra screws washers to connect to my TV. 
iWakeup Happy. I recently purchased the iHome 2Go because I was unsatisfied with the sound quality of the orb. This system has good sound for the size of the speakers 
Great low cost, low power, low performance networked drive. This is a great solution for people who want to have an always-on file server that is shared by multiple computers. 
A good DVD VCR combo for the price. This DVD VCR combo works just as described by the item description. I have had no problems playing tapes or DVDs. One 
The Excellent Canon Selphy CP400. For a photo printer with dye sublimation so that your pictures are non-water soluable and come out crisp and clean the Canon Selphy CP400 is 
Good but imperfect. Overall I was pleasantly surprised with this item. It is well-packaged, Targus have a section on their website that let you check if the tips will work 
Very NICE. For the price on Amazon, you cannot go wrong. Compared to others you get more protection and great looks for the buck. Goes great with my new Harman 
SanDisk 2 GB Ultra II Memory Stick Pro Duo. fast and reliable..well worth the mone  
Installs and Works Perfectly on Win XP SP2. I have read 20 other reviews of this product here on Amazon, and I sympathize with those for whom the product did 
AMAAAAAAAZING. I m really older but was too lazy to login, anyways the sound quality these things give off are awesome, as well as the outside noise reduction. Music sounds 
Just think what you get for 900,000.... Dreams of million dollar batteries Man, for that kind of cake, I d better not change another AA EVER!!!!SOT in the Hizza  
Great Sound, Great Quality. I bought this because I needed good phones without the extra bulk. They re really lightweight, but not flimsy. They have very good sound quality. I 
Durable, compact, serves it s purpose. Was looking for wallet to carry minimal CD s around during the day, in the car, to and from work, on road trips, etc. 
Excellent product for the iPod Nano. This is a GREAT product. My son loves it, I gave it to him as a gift. He loves the sound quality, the clock 
Wow! This thing really works!. I was ready to replace the CD player in my Honda Odyssey, much skipping and would not even play many of my CDs. Two quick 
Good stuff. durable product, use it for my cell phone, comes with an adapter fits perfectly and good transfer rate. highly recommende  
Works wonderfully in Anchorage, Alaska. XMS does not market the service in Alaska, too far north and west plus Anchorage has a mountain range that creates a shadow . All 
Good product for the price. Solid construction, net improvement over S-Video connection from a DVD-recorder, particularly with wide-screen DVDs in Progressive scan mode. Not tested with a HD source.  
Reliable, lots of options. I was surprised to see how many options there were within the gateway... you basically have control over EVERY ASPECT of what goes in and out 
This our our 3rd one!!!! we love it!!!. I can t say enough about the Tivoli AM FM radio! It has superior sound and i love the design of the 
Great Replacement for B&W Laser Printer and Scanner. It is a great replacement for black and white laser printer and flat bed scanner to save space for office or home 
Seems to work well. The transfer rate is pretty high, and it is much faster than the Sandisk Ultra II 1GB SD card that I previously reviewed when a large 
memory card. I recently got this card a month or two ago for my EASYSHARE V803 Zoom Digital Camera and it works great! For 8 mgp camera, it can store 
Works Like A Charm. My daughter got this for Christmas, and has watched hundreds of hours on it since. This is a great personal dvd player! She takes it all 
Very Easy to Install and Plays well with Ubuntu!. I decided to dust off a 5-year old laptop Winbook Z1 the other day and install Ubuntu on it. I selected 
Excellent SD card at great price. I have several Sandisk products USB Compact Flash and SD, have been purchasing thier flash cards since the early days 10MB & 15MB cards 
Magellan RoadMate 3000T 3050T 1 month impresion.. So I get it, works like a charm, I think it is awesome with 2 things I think could be much better.1. The 
Cheap and working e-drums. The ION iED01 drumset is cheap. The mony spent on it is wery well used. The drum computer has not the newest e-drum sound, but the 
A shaving kit for your Zune. This is an excellent selection of accessories for the Zune. Though it s marketed as a Travel kit, I find that I use most 
Excellent GPS unit. purchased this GPS unit because of the fast satellite acquire times and great GPS lock. I was not disappointed. This unit replaces my DeLorme Earthmate which was 
reasonable purchase. This is a good printer so far, have only use it a few weeks. The print quality, for an ink jet in the price range, is exceptional.I use 
Overall, a decent hub. So far, so good. My graphics tablet isn t always recognized and I occasionally have to power off the hub for it to work, but everything 
Has clouds, but I still love it. I previously had a Westinghouse 42 1080p LCD that went bad after just 6 months! I used my service plan and got a 
this is the product you are looking for. if you don t want to spend a ton of money and you want the best quality possible. i am using the 
Best 80 I ever spent on portable electronics. I got one of these a few years ago. It s been to several countries, on camping trips, bicycle trips, subways, etc 
It s fine!. Mixed reviews from people on this. I think it s fine. I got 2 as gifts for friends in Africa and were there when they arrived. They 
Solid Speakers for the Price. These speakers can almost hit any range of sound, but if anything they are a little weak on the bass side. They put out very 
In a word SWEEET! . Received my BT-359, charged it, followed the install directions, and it worked like a charm. It includes a utility to verify serial input from the 
Very Fast Hardware provided you set it up right. Hi,After installing the program from the CD, my computer just keep on restarting! Then I call Linksys and they help me 
Casio SY 30. So far, so good...I like it a lot...I even get reception in my car! The low channels don t come in too well, but as with a 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
1 GB card. I m afraid I don t know a lot about this technology. I went for economy and I am getting very good quality photos. I think I 
Pretty Good Cassette Recorder!. I got a Sony TCM-200DV Cassette Recorder with Dual Power Source for Christmas. Since then, I have enjoyed listening to cassette tapes and making my own 
Held up for a year and a half after a motorcycle accident. I use this backpack to carry my laptop, books, shoes, lunch, gym clothes, etc. to work and school 
Neat little device. I got this for Xmas and love this little gem. I am able to watch movies that I converted from my personal DVD collection and let the 
It just works. Plug it in and forget about it. Never had problems with this card.  
Works as advertised. This unit simply WORKS. Setup is easy. All features and options perform as advertised. It has been in service for several months now, with absoutely no glitches 
it works as advertised!!. Have tried all products and this is the om=nly one that really does as it says  
Great product, but poorly packaged hence arrived damaged. Since this item is fairly expensive for an A V cabinet, you would expect that great care would be taken to protect 
Must have accessories!!!. The Archos DVR Docking Station is awsome! It recharges my Archos 504 verry quickly and gives me many possibilities to record Video and even audio! It s 
What s up with my wheel. Same as everybody else, I ordered mine a couple of days back and it hasn t shipped...I want it!!!!!  
A good a v switcher. Works well and video quality is not affected but it. Exactly the product I was looking for in a compnent video switcher  
IPOD ALTERNATIVE. THE GIGABEAT IS AN AFFORDABLE ALTERNATIVE TO THE EVERYBODY HAS ONE IPOD . THE DISADVANTAGE EVERYBODY NOW MAKES ACCESSORIES ALMOST EXCLUSIVELY FOR THE APPLE PRODUCT. BUT IF YOU 
REALLY Comfortable and decent sounding. Firstly... I cannot stress this fact more, these are the most comfortable headphones I have ever worn and i have tried 10 s of them 
Great little drive!. Small, light and high in capacity, this is a good choice for your external drive needs without having to use an extra cord for the larger models. 
great paper, but not what I wanted. Fantastic output from the Epson 960 printer on this paper, but I bought it thinking I could print borderless 8x10 s. This option 
GPS Upgrade. I have owned a Magellan GPS since 2003, the Meridian Platinum, it recently lost its display forcing me to look for an upgrade. The closest unit to the 
Great out of the box solution. I started searching for wireless surround speakers due to the configuration of my apartment. A wired solution simply would not work due to the 
5 Stars for sound quality, 4 for everything else. After purchasing several other cordless phones and not being able to hear clearly on any of them I finally hit on 
Research Paid Off - A Fantastic Printer. I researched a LOT of printers before deciding on this one. After reading all the reviews about the MP960 and then seeing the 
Exactly what I wanted. It s surprisingly bright. Sensor has a wide angle so it turns on well in advance of when I need it. Has turned on when covered 
HP No. 45 Black Ink Cartridge Twin Pack C6650BN#140 . The refill unit cartridges work just as well as the new HP ones  
perfection. living in Fl, we constantly get brownouts from lightning storms, etc. This product does what it says and does it well. I highly recommend others to try it  
Nice fit and sound. My set of earbuds came with two sets of silicone inserts - one straight and one tapered - to customize the fit to my ear canals. 
So easy my dad can use it. My sister and I purchased this DVD player for my father. I think it has good picture and sound. However, the volume could 
The Teacher s Pet Watch. For 15 years the CASIO LA-670WA-1 Countdown Ladies Dress Watch has been my teaching watch. I use the countdown timer and stopwatch functions every day 
Dandy product. These are great. Nice sound, comfortable even with glasses ... easy to live with. I dig em  
Great Radio-Great Price-Outstanding Gift !. My daughter gave me a 50 dollar gift slip for Eddie Bauers this past Christmas. During the Holidays I went to the mall with my 
fully functional. What s to say? They re paper sleeves for CD s ..  
HP 33S Great RPN. I have been looking for a replacement for my HP15c Best calculator ever made! . I have searched ebay for over a year and came to 
Does what they say it does. Pretty cool product plug in your notebook through usb, and get keyboard, mouse, ethernet, video, usb and sound. Bought this one, the targus one, 
power surge review. this is a great product. it does the job it was made to do  
At The Right Price It Is Great!. If you can get a good price for this item I paid 35.00 then it is well worth it. It performs exactly as 
Excellent Headphones. I am a mild audophile, and I love these headphones. They have great base response, treble, and isolation. If you listen to music on the bus on train 
iSnug iPod Case & iPod Sticky Pad. These items are both excellent ways to take care of your iPod. I keep my iPod in the iSnug in my purse and 
Pretty good. A pretty basic device, but does well what its supposed to do. Bring an extra battery or remember to turn the little thing off though. A very small 
excellent. I bought this because I had reviewed and found out it was good for me to buy, I do not any product without revie  
Nice all-purpose pouch. Lowepro offers consistently well-made products, and this SlipLock Pouch is no exception. It is secure and well padded. I use it to hold a Garmin GPS60CS GPS 
Outstanding Value. I looked at more than 20 projectors in stores, most costing lots more than 999. I m very pleased I bought this one. I have no disappointments. It 
Works great!. It worked exactly as advertised - no problems installing it and no problems using it. It saved me from having to buy yet another TV to send with 
These headphones fold FLAT and fit in my briefcase. I can t understand how Jensen delivers such a high qualityproduct for just a low price. The bass is most impressive, 
Used abt 60 till now - no failures. Verbatim is great. not a single coaster till now in abt 60 discs. I use Nero to perfectly complement the burning process. 
Saitek ROCKS. Gotta say I love the Eclipse 2. Keys are easily depressed and reasonably quite for a gaming keyboard. The only downfall is there is no green lighting, I 
Excellent product. I recently bought a new Vista computer and find as is typical with Microsoft that the transfer of data and programs is less than smooth. In fact, some 
Great speakers at a bargain price!. I m amazed at the quality of these speakers. They are so much better than I expected. I don t know how they can 
Amazing little speaker!. You won t believe how much power this little plastic fold-up speaker has! I just purchased a second one for my office. My ipod has to sit 
Wonderful!. Amazing product, right out of the box. I would write more but I m watching Penn and Teller BS! on it right now  
A battery that is ready when I am. I have been using rechargeable NiMH batteries since getting my current Canon camera that uses AA batteries. I always had a spare 
Works fine so far. Item works fine so far. very small so be careful not to misplace  
Good Deal. I have to say, the fan does have some noise to it, butnot enuf to be objectionable. It does the job well. I use it in poorly designed 
Midland WR-100C Weather All Hazard Alert Monitor. This is a great monitor, its compact, a snap to program and it takes up very little space. We live in the Desert 
Great Hub. This hub takes care of old power issues I had with smaller unpowered hubs . It is handling my pda, usb jump drive, high capacity external drive, and 
Clock Radio or HiFi Stereo?. You get what you pay for.. This radio outperforms any clock radio I have ever had, it is probably the last one I will buy. 
Oh the things you can buy for your iPod. After I bought my iPod a charger, a tape adapter, an FM broadcaster, a case, a running wheel, and a water 
The only brand that works all the time. I have tried the cheaper disks with very little luck. i am a verbatim user for good  
Reliable!. I agree that this drive can be a little slow, but it hasn t caused a problem for me. I keep copies of many files about 1 GB total 
Pretty good for the size!. This CD DVD case was well worth the price for one this size  
Great Bag!. The reviews on this site are accurate. This is a great bag! Well balanced with lots of storage and great build quality. Highly recommended  
Great quality. I burn 40 discs already. Not a single coaster so far. At first, I thought that I will have some bad discs because the seller did not put 
Good Product but didn t quite cut it. I purchased this bag HOPING it would accomodate a Toshiba Qosmio computer.In my opinion the Swissgear bags are by far the best 
great for the money, and for the type. This earphones sound great, and they are have really good looks, and fit. I myself didn t like the earphones thing, but 
Super. When travelling, you want it small and light. Besides, you need it to be precise and comfortable. All these features come with this handy or fingery! mouse. You won 
Awesome headphones!. I bought these for my 11 year old daughter to replace the larger headphones that come with a traditional hand held CD player. We were both amazed at 
Monster Cable PLG300 S-Video Cable for PlayStation 2. Worked Great! Thanks for the great service  
Good, solid mouse ...... Just need a good solid mouse with scrolling wheel ..... buy this one!!  
First one, and now four!?!!. I remember when I first bought the power strip liberator, which was basically a 6 inch extension cord designed to allow you to plug multiple 
Makes a big difference with reception. We already love our iWay500, but were having trouble getting good GPS locks. Sometimes, cloudy weather or nearby trees seemed to make our GPS 
Decent headphones at a reasonable price. I purchased these headphones to use with my personal and work laptop. Given the price under 10 I figured that I couldn t go 
Incredible sound from a small space, highly recommended!. I highly recommend the Bose Wave Radio II after having one for a month, here are the pros and cons:PROS: Excellent sound 
Great Product once installed. The installation information is on a tiny CD, the sort that works best in a data tray; as Mac laptops don t have those trays, I 
Panasonic KX-FP145. Well packed with an excellent manual. All functions work well. Overall a very nice unit.  
Excellent!!!. These are the best headphones under 5 I have ever bought, the only thing wrong with them is that the cord is a little short, but they fit nice 
A whole new memory. Great little gadget. I am totally pleased with this product. Carry it with me all the time. Takes but a second to record a note to 
Shredwell Eliminator of Hand Labor and Identity Theft. So far, so good. I ve had this shredder for less than two months. I use it infrequently, but it does the 
Nice, but incompatible with multifunction printers. Excellent quality, easy to setup. Amazon recommended LPV3-U2 print server with Canon Pixma MP830 order, buyer beware! NOT compatible with multifunction printers - check 
BEST KVM on the market updated review . I purchased this to switch between my PC and a new mini Mac.Design:The cords are premium quality and come with velco snaps, 
Even better than Verbatim Audio... I used the Plextor CD Burner and Verbatim Audio CDR in China; then I got the high quality CDs; but here I think the TDKs 
Dozens running daily, very reliable VPN for SOHO. I do small business consulting, and have been using the BEFVP41 as an affordable VPN solution for dozens of clients that need 
Brilliant. All i can say is this is not as big as some people make it out to be, and it s not heavy either. I bought this after owning 
Great Memory key for a great price. I m a school teacher and use the cruzer to store all of my lesson plans and school related documents. The 2.0 GB 
Great buy for a great price. Having shopped these 1 size fits all portable DVD cases in store, I was pretty disappointed by either quality, price, and or extras that 
Best Deal on Amazon. I would only use genuine Epson Ink for my 2200 and when Amazon has them on sale with free shipping- it is really a great deal 
Review of Maxtor One Touch III 500 GB External Hard Drive. I am totally satisfied with the above listed product. In the past 15 years I have dealt almost exclusively 
 Excellent. Excellent MP3 player by Apple, Thin and very easy to use buttons. I bought it for my son and he loves it. The itunes software allows you to 
Great so far!. I read the reviews on these before purchasing a more expensive model walkie talkie for my 10 year old. For 20, the size and range works well 
I Love my iRiver!. I had this exact iRiver and when I loaned it out, it got lost. So he offered to replace it with even a better mp3 player 
Flawless after 2 months of heavy use. I already have a workgroup laser printer for my heavy printing needs. But manually feeding in Avery label sheets just to print a 
Configuration via browser is poor, but solid once configured. The browser-based configuration of this unit is poorly thought-out and buggy, but once configured, it s solid.For example, you can t 
4, almost 5 stars!. This is most definatley a great product. I have owned an old CDW-64 holder and I bought a new one about a year ago the same 
Great buy. I had an older HP LaserJet 5 that still worked great, but my new laptop didn t have the parallel connection. This was a great buy, resonable price, 
Simply the best remote ever. I m amazed... simply amazed. The price is way out there... and this obviously isn t for everyone... but it does everything it says... well.Set 
Like it. This is a nice mouse. Fast. Seems too touchy at first, but one gets used to it. Batteries go fast, so keep a spare one in your case. 
If you have a Mac, this is the one to get!. This is the best USB-to-Serial product I ve found if you are a Mac user. I routinely use it 
great choice!!. have to say this product really made my life easier!! i live in the city on the 5th floor in my bldg. i recently built an enclosed music 
This memory works in my new Canon camera just fine. This memory works in my new Canon camera just fine.I plugged it in and it has worked ever since. Lots 
Very GOOOOOOOD... Well I got the product and it s working OK everything was great and fast shiping too  
Great pocket radio!. This is the best pocket radio I have found-- and I have tried MANY! It is easy to program; has excellent FM reception and tucks easily into 
A multi-functional GPS wonder, But.... A multi-functional GPS wonder, But... be sure and have a hefty stack of money if you want all the maps, bells and whistles that make 
Very handy item. Great item for presenters. Installation worked well with my laptop, just plug and play. Nice size in my hand and slide advance controls work very well.The only 
Speaker Selector works well. We purchased the speaker selector in July, but did not get a chance to install it until recently. It allows us to switch from speakers inside 
Monster Ext cable for Sirius Antenna. After spending about an hour trying to figure out what i had done wrong i finally concluded that the cable was defective. i returned 
Logic3 Travel Kit for iPods. LOVE IT! Now everyone in the house wants one. I love not having to search for everything. The stretch pockets are a great help  
Very Nice For the Price. I looked at many LCD HD TV s before buying this one. I am very happy with it and havn t seen anything with as 
Ooops I forgot one important step. After step 8 of adding your songs to the Virgin player, YOU HAVE TO right click the device on the bottom right of your 
Excellent product. I have a 1 GB version of the same product for quite some time. It looks fragile but awesome functionality. I am able to transfer the contents to 
Lexar PD-128-231 128 MB JumpDrive Portable USB Flash Drive. This is a fantastic product. I use it to store work on and my boss and I swap back and forth 
Best is Back to Basics.... I previously owned Pioneer and Yamaha surround AV receiver at twice the price of the Onkyo TX-8511. Neither came close to the spacious and clear 
A MUST HAVE GIZMO. This little gizmo is marvellous. You can hook your iPod up to your existing home theatre music system. Don t have to buy an an iPod 
Excellent for watching DVDs and Videos. This machine has a lot of amazing recording and editing features that I have never used. I just use it for watching DVDs and 
Simple and durable!. The leather is durable with good stiching, I like the screen cover Though the entire screen is not visible, all you re missing in plain view is 
Great Great Great!. This microphone works wonderful! No problems with the cord and no problems with the microphone itself...It s a great investment for anything of it s use  
Best for Laptops. I have not tried any other webcam so can not draw a comparision. I always go for some high-end stuff may it be mobile or laptop or 
Acoustic Research Cable. If you are looking for the shielded cable it is Acoustic Research PR-142  
Good Product. I bought this product with a rebate, which made it reasonable in cost. I have had a lot of similar products in the past and find it very 
thanks dad. thank yuo dad for buying me this beautiful,martvelous toyits really fun you can learn to play guitar  
WORK OK. I DON T DO A WHOLE LOT OF DOUBLE CD RECORDINGS. ONE CD WILL HOLD A LOT OF MUSIC DEPENDING ON WHAT TYPE OF MUSIC IT IS. THESE 
Speakers have better sound than I expected. I have a Iriver Mp3 player and am using the IPOD speaker system to play my mp3 player. The sounds is surprisingly good 
my 2 cents. What else can I say other than I m impressed! Thank you everyone for placing your reviews here that helped me to decide on this item for 
Bose 301-V Stereo Loudspeackers. Response to order was timely and efficient. Packaging was appropriate, and items arrived in excellent condition. Simple installation instructions resulted in rapid setup and activation. Speaker 
MiniBlaster Magic. I love the JLab MiniBlaster because no matter where I go I can have my favorite music with me. The sound is clear and I found this product 
Case for m200. It doesn t protect the player face but it has a clip so it offers some versatality over the plastic case that came with the player. Shipped 
Great. My son loves this -- it works great and was an awesome value !!  
Great product! Works perfectly. The Keyspan remote is the perfect addition to a laptop setup. I play music through MusicMatch on my laptop, which is plugged into the living room 
Definitely Worth the Money!. This is a great product and I would recommend it highly!PROS:- Great range of functionality. Navigation, AM-FM radio, CD, MP3 and DVD player in one system.- 
Great mouse!. This is the best mouse ever. It never tries to run away. It doesn t need food or water? Ok, really! I am a serious computer junkie. I 
Great player with modern tennology support. I was looking for a full featured DVD player designed to support some of the newer video technologies, yet still having solid audio support. 
Most Reviews Here Are Not for This Card. This card is the 2 GB Ultimate 120X It has a tested write speed 120 times 150kb sec which exceeds 18 mb 
Excellent stuff!. I read a lot of negative reviews about Ridata DVD R DL on various websites. But after a lot of hesitation, I finally purchased the 25 DVD spindle. 
Great Headphones- Great Price!. I ordered these headphones after reviewing them for 15 minutes. I expected to regret when I recieved them, but hey, nope!Pros:Incredible Bass Thump Thump - compare 
A Monster of a product. This is heavy stuff. An excellent piece of equipment that works no matter what. The quality of the power in my house is really bad. 
Good Charger. It s the first one we ve ever owned. It works good for recharging our cordless mouse batteries.It takes over half a day for it to recharge two 
Two in One. The convergence of electronics. Instead of spending in a Memory Card and a USB Memory separetly, you can use them both saving some money and space . 
great buy. This was really a good buy for the price. It looks really nice on my black ipod 30GB and it protects. It doesn t interfere with the function 
Surprisingly good sound. These are a very good deal for the price. The sound is rich and full, the adjustable volume is a bonus, and all in all they outperform 
What could be cuter?. What could be cuter than this phone? It s Hello Kitty dressed as a fairy! Everytime the phone rings, the wings and heart-shaped wand light up, 
Better than those dumb ipod earbuds. I bought these a few years ago to replace a pair of headphones that my dog had chewed up. Then when i got an 
Works as it should. This TrippLite surge protector is a nice size with its strip style socketing. It provides 3 outlets one on each side and one on the bottom 
Great TV. Wonderful picture quality in HD. DVD displays well too. Standard cable signal not really much difference. Would recommend this tv to anyone. Just understand that you need HD 
Great sound!. I bought this radio to listen to while I m cooking and the sound quality is fantastic. It s compact, simple, attractive and sounds great. I think the 
Great Product. I had read some other reviews stating that this Home Theater System makes a buzzing noise. However, I had my doubts so I ordered it anyway and it 
overall... wonderful. Both the sound and the overall design and tactile experience justify the overall price. I have had other clock radios, but none that I have felt such a 
GREAT. I JUST PURCHASED THIS PRODUCT AND SO FAR IT HAS BEEN GREAT. IT DID COME WITH SOFTWARE FOR THE DVD INSTALLATION PROCESS. SO THAT WAS A BONUS  
Best 100 ever spent. This is a great little receiver. At the price I paid it s untouchable. I wasn t even planning on buying a receiver but for the 
Works great. My office is a metal framed brick building so FM reception is sketchy at best. The wire antenna that came with me executive stereo just wasnt worthy. Barely 
Overall good product. Good product, great combination of screen protection along with a small flexable piece to cover the keypad.  
Much stronger reception than car antenna. If you re in a situation where you can t place your sirius antenna outside, then the Monster home antenna is a good solution 
Things to consider if you re getting a 2GB card. I purchased the 2GB Elite Pro SD card but found out that my older SimpleTech FlashLink card reader is not 
Love this bag!. I have a portable HP photoprinter and this is the perfect companion. It is large enough to hold printer, paper, extra ink and all the cables. And 
Only one case out of 30 was damaged. I tend to agree with Miss Griswold that J&R should do a better job of packing these things. In my case, I 
No Dead Pixels!. Which was my biggest concern with an LCD purchase. Most of the cheaper brands - well they are cheaper because people are content living with dots on 
Works Great - and DEFINITELY A BARGAIN!!. I bought this CD player to use in my car and it has worked beautifully! When you consider what a fine CD player 
Great Case. This camera case is awesome. I bought one for my son & one for myself! There s plenty of room to store other accessories as well the camera 
Sony reliability. Can not really fault this machine. The only slight problem is the computer doesn t recognise it occaionally when hooked up through the USB, but if you switch 
INCREASING RAM. A very inexpensive way to increase RAM & speed up your computer  
Countdown Ladies Dress Watch. Super watch with great features. Couldn t be happier with it  
Good memory card. I bought this card to go with my Canon 30D and have not been let down. I can get about 500 JPEGs and 300 RAW. SanDisk makes 
Great. It s a very comfortable mousepad. It smelled a little weird at first, but that went away in a day or so. I have no regrets buying it, and 
better than that... I own this little puppy, and I m delighted with it. I ll disagree with with DB Brown, below, by noting two things:1 Pioneer colors the sound. 
These headphones are a great buy!. ...these headphones are great! The sound quality is good. The cord is VERY long, and the volume control on the cord is a nice 
My first MP3 player, but is easy to use and does its job very well. This is an outstanding product. It is my way of using my music anywhere I 
First time user. These Bose speakers are great for my new computer. I already have one set of Bose speakers for our old stereo system, so when I saw these 
We like our Pepper Pad. I bought my family a Pepper Pad 3 for the holidays and we all love it! The little kids use it for games and browsing 
Great HD cables. Low price. I use these with my sony es da5200 reciever, sony dvd, sony KDS-R50XBR1 HD tv. I replaced the previous monster hd cables for these less 
No missfires with my new Canon. When checking printers in Consumer Reports this was rated best buy .I see no reason to call it anything else  
Protects my stuff. I have had three of these units for the past 5-6 years one for my PC, one for the wife s and one for the Tivo & 
Good clock. Works perfect. Also handy to travel: just fold the cover and that s it. The buttons will not get pushed accidentally in your bag which happened with my 
Fantastic, but you have to know what you re doing... I bought the car pack shortly after getting the Zune. There can be some static if you don t know 
Broadband Wired Down. With the use of cable modems becoming more & more like a entity, many of us try to go to a cable provider for that aid. Nevertheless, 
Greatest Batteries Ever... They re Nuclear Powered and each last for about 500,000 years. Maxell FTW. LTPITBPWBOSMBSCritic SOT  
Woke up from where I was. Which was Nomadland. The Bono-pod is beautiful. However the inconsistency of the iPod itself is a nightmare. I ve had it just over a 
Good - but takes getting used to. OK - it ain t no ipod. It aint intuitive, it aint simple. But darn it, its gooooood! 10 mins on this little 
eneloop is great!. These eneloop batteries are amazing! I use them in all of my kids toys...they re ready to use, they hold their charge for over a year, and 
Nice Design, Would Recommend to My Closest Friend. I like how this external hard drive will turn off on its own whenever you disconnect the usb or turn off your 
Good for the money. I like the size and shape of this little player. I was a little disappointed with the navigation - no play lists, difficult to order songs, 
Mini Power Strip. This item is perfect for the road warrior that always needs more outlets in a hotel room to plug in all the ac toys  
Easy and Reliable. Fantastic product! It s really easy to use, especially if you are using it with a Sony TV it will configure itself automatically . Especially great for 
Great little radio. This is a pretty good radio for the price. It s small and can be worn around the neck. I would buy it again  
TV Turntable. Very good product. Was exactly as ordered and arrived in an exceptable time frame. If you need a turntable for a big old TV this is it. I 
First HDTV, well worth the money. I did a lot of research before buying my first HDTV. I looked for one with the best price, specifications, and product reviews. After 
Great wireless speaker. I purchased this speaker system so I could listen to my music in the kitchen without turning the volume up so loud in the living room that 
Great little walkman. I am a walker and have used a walkman for a long time. My old faithful AM FM tape walkman finally went to the great beyond and 
Maxell Is Always King. Whether it s CD-Rs, audio cassettes,mini-discs, Maxell rules. Never had any issues with any of their recordable audio media. A trusted name always. I have a 
Kingston 128mb Memory Card. This card has all of the memory space required for my personal use. I would recommemd it to others  
Good value memory you can get for a low price. This one was purchased for my pocket pc, have been storing files, pictures and more important, my recordings. Clearly it 
good tv. easy set-up. dvd s look great. there is a slight blurring with sports action if your 6 ft or less from tv. a limitation on lcd response time 
THIS THING SMOKES!!!. The sensitivity on this beast took some time to change to after my older optical mouse. I have only gamed a little with it and the flexibility 
Very pleased!. I puchased this system a few days ago and am quite pleased with its performance. The DVD playback is fantastic - you really feel the surround sound - 
Not perfect but pretty close. Perfect would be ponying up the money for a new cd deck and to tell you the truth I m not sure that I would 
Yet another one small problem . The box is much smaller than I expected. That s not exactly the problem.The problem is if your tv has DVI, you have to 
COOLEST THING EVER!. I LOVE my new ipod speakers!!!!!!!!! it rocckkss! its theee coolest thing ever! its got everything i ever askked for!!!!!!!!! ittss the best Christmas present everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!anndd it 
Coolest mouse I ve had yet. I have Thoracic Outlet Syndrome, and suffer from a lot of circulation problems, especially in my right arm. I m also prone to repetitive 
Can t live without it!. The EyeTV 2.x software is a bit rough around the edges compared to Dish DVR and Tivo , but it s very usable and works 
These Bad Boys Are No Wallflowers!. These speakers are ideal for wall mounting. The sound quality is strictly JBL - that is First Class! As part of the rear channels 
Cheaper than insurance. A must have in this day and age of expensive home theater. It provides cheap protection from electronic pain. Very simple and intuitive to set up and 
Great llow cost UPS. I bought 5 of these for the computers in the house. I would have got better ones but the house has an auto generator so all 
wow and more wow. I connected the Bose Acoustimass 5 with an onkyo tx-8511 receiver and the sound is incrediable. It really fills my entire loft area with lifelike sound. 
Works well in the classroom. If you are a teacher and need to project the material you are teaching up on a screen, the InFocus IN24 DLP Projector is a 
compact flash card. awesome product. fast data collection, and holds about 450 photos. i would purchase again  
I must have a terrible sound... ...system on my computer and PDA Dell because whenever I use the full base preset mode on my winamp to listen to pop songs 
Logitech QuickCam Communicate STX. If I could give 3.5 stars that would be more appropriate.The camera and microphone are super for the price.The software is pretty janky and it doesn 
works great. It works great. I connected two servers, three PCs, one router, and one monitor it. And it handles without problem  
Works as advertised. Helped off load some of the traffic on my internal Firewire 800 port on my DP G5  
good one. I like the use of this product. i think it did solve solve the problem my computer cd dvd drive was facing which was slow reading the cds... 
Wish I had known about this a long time ago. I split the output of my tivo and ran a line into my bedroom. With this extender I have the 
GREAT Laptop and Accessories Carrier. This backpack works GREAT carrying my laptop, 300GB Seagate external hard drive, mouse, plenty of cables and wires. And the padding for the laptop is 
tv mount. Arived promptly and was new in box. Universal mount had adaptors for every TV available. A  
A tip regarding the compactflash card. The Roadmate 500 will take up to a 1 GB compactflashcard. Before purchasing my unit I inquired as to the max capacity card that 
works perfectly with my pdas, read this before you buy. I bought this card from DellI worried once because some complain it don t workthen I learned the card supports 
Great alternative to pricy etymotic headphones... I am not an audiophile, but I do listen to music about 5 hours or so a day, so I know comfort and decent 
Great headphones!. I currently work in a very noisy lab setting. The primary background noise is a windy chemical vent hood in the back of our lab. When the earphones 
Nice Display - Holds a lot. Ordered to hold in my office bookcase.Looks nice and holds a lot of cd & dvd.A bit pricy, but you pay for the display 
Essential part of business on the go. The 4GB flashdrive provides plenty of room for files and the U3 programs that are already provided give me both security and ease 
Casio DW-5600E-1V G-Shock Classic Watch. Watch is great - arrived on schedule - shipping cost seemed high thoug  
Solid. The JVC switcher is a solidly made piece of equipment. It is simple and does its job well, with no loss of quality. Don t settle for lesser brands, 
The only cable i use. This is the only type of speaker cable i use to connect my state of the art sound system  
Nice component shelf!. This OMNIPOINT Glass component shelf was simple to install and strong enough for my VCR & Satellite Receiver. The shelf glass shelf is fixed to the support 
Great for 11x17 Preliminary reviews. If you need something inexpensive like I did to show clients your preliminary sketches....then this is the printer to go with. It gives you clean 
great deal. ordered a bunch and have come in so handy, really cheap price 5, good quality case  
More than I expected. I bought my LabelWriter thinking I d use it occassionally for packages and file folders. Instead, I ve gone label mad. It prints so quickly, and 
sounds great but..... this system is perfect if you like loud base and want alot of power out of your speakers. But these speakers aren t as clear as it 
Very Happy with this New TV.....But. I recently purchased this new Panasonic LCD TV after doing some research. I ve been very happy with the performance of the TV but 
GREAT clock for under 10.00. Two AA batteries power this little clock. It is easy to set including the alarm , has big numbers, and the illumination button is up 
great card. Bought this CF card for my new Olympus E500 back in May. So far this card is great. Really fast transfer rate from the card to the computer. 
should have tried this first. I switched to DSL but didn t have an ethernet card. I spent hours trying to install one and never could get it to work. 
Easy setup. This was a snap to install, setup and run. Great tech support from Linksys, if you need it. Works great and does the job! I recommend it  
Great Bass...decent price...good compromise. Just got my Super Fi 5 Pro s and I like them. I have owned Shure s E3C and Etymotic Er4-P. My girlfriend needed new phones, 
It Works. The wire is pretty big and thick, making it a little hard to conceal, but the unit works as advertised. It even picks up while I m under 
Excellent purchase ... The initial flash card that came with my camera was far too short to save pictures. When I went surfing for another flash card with some depth, 
TARGUS SPORT DVD301. This case is great! I bought a 7 DVD player and it fits good. The case in this picture is for a DVD player up to 10 
everything but the TIME. I saw it in the other reviews and thought it has everything else I m looking for ... I can do without the clock. It s 
Fast Memory. With the large file size of pro DSLR s shot in RAW, every little bit of speed counts, whether at capture or download. There are faster Compact Flash 
CD And DVD Opener. Have only used it a couple of times in a month, and feel like I ve already justified the low cost. - Should be fine for 
Pioneer PD-F407 CD Player. I bought this same CD Player a couple of years ago and have not had one problem with it. In trying to think of something to 
Magical Wrist Device. This product with the assoicated software included is everything you hope it is but really don t believe it will be. The x-ray glasses you saw advertized 
solid but pricey dual mode telephone. I think the voice quality it s not bad but could be better.Battery life is ok and the convenience of not having turned on 
Massive Memory For a Great Price. This tiny piece of plastic with metal contacts packs more whallop than you could imagine. Sure, memory geeks like me may find little things 
Good hard disk. I got this hard disk and it is working great. It is not costly and works well in my computer pentium 3. I recommend this hard disk 
I like it!. It is a good little boombox, made for a young child but can also be useable to an adult.Best place for boombox would be a bedroom. Only 
Pretty useful product. You will appreciate this product only if you don t have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, 
What upgrade? My device works fine. I ve owned this pocket pc for a week now with very little problems. I don t know anything about an upgrade but so 
Fantastic, and accomodating. Other reviews mention three cup sizes. More specifically, there are two cupholder inserts small and large , a special bottom attachment for either of those to be 
Great DVD Player. I m using this with a Panasonic Plasma TV. The picture is terrific, and it s nice to have the convenience of a single controller  
Works as advertised. My DVD player works better with this lens cleaner. There s definitely less skipping when watching a DVD.  
Really useful improvement. I bought a 170 Belkin Bluetooth GPS last year. The bundled software is quite useful but the map display is not detailed doesn t include rivers, water 
Good Product. We bought this powered hub for a desktop because some of our devices were not being recognized as USB 2.0 and we finally tracked the problem down to 
Handy MP3 Player. Plays MP3 s to your car FM Radio. Sound is good quality, this depends also on your car FM radio. I listen to this every day on 
The best value card!!. I am new to digital photography. Till now I have mainly used point & shoot film cameras. I purchased this card for my Canon 350D SLR 
This Scanner is Awesome,. This scanner has no problem keeping track of ALL radio traffic. I live in densely populated San Francisco near the entrance to the bay and right 
Terrific Product. I am a salesman by occupation. I am constantly receiving business cards from customers and potential customers. I used to have them in a pile in my office 
These DVD s are really good... These DVD s are really good... I have yet to have any problems..  
Belkin RJ45M Patch FastCAT 5e Ethernet Network Cable. This network cable works very well. I m no technician but I know I have not suffered any loss of performance. I 
Takes time to get used to. This is my second set of Brainshaker headphones. The original ones came with a Panasonic VMSS player. The main reason for buying is the 
Great Price. Could not go wron with a low price and free shipping. Why go to the store when Amazon has it and ships it free  
Works exactly as advertised. Hooked it up and the product works great. I saved myself the hassle of going behind the tv and switching wires around each time I wanted 
A testimonial of a successful repair. I had to write, because just 5 minutes ago this saved my CD! A somewhat hard-to-find one First the brief story: I was removing 
Thought it didn t work. Bought the adapter for my Pocket PC; Jornada 540; theoretically not supported by M Streets06. It took a while 7 minutes for the GPS to 
Brenthaven Metro Shoulder Case for MacBook Pro. Sure protection for your laptop. If you transport your laptop then you want the protection this case provides. Well worth the investment  
My 6 year old niece loves it!!. My niece wanted a boom box for Christmas 2007. I looked in the stores locally for Hello Kitty but couldn t find one. 
got The wrong memory upgrade. I was very happy with the price for this upgrade memory. however it is not for the Apple Lap top I bought it for. It 
Very Satisfied. I did my homework, reviewing head-rest mounted dvd players, before settling on this one. And we are very happy with it. Our toddler daughter has never been more 
THE best stereo receiver available for under 400.00 today. I am an avid music lover who has no interest in home theater. As a result, I bought this receiver and 
garmin streetpilot c series a c charger. this is good for when you go on a trip you know it will keep your streetpilot going. and it isn t bulky. 
Great clock radio features. Ok sound. I bought this to replace an old Proton of similar design I guess Sangean bought Proton or something . I had originally bought a 
Great KVM. This KVM comes complete with the cabling needed to connect two PC s to a single Keyboard Mouse VGA Monitor. Note that these are PS-2 connectors for Mouse 
very good mouse!. This mouse looks very nice at least to me ! And the back button is pretty convenient, and 3 buttons a wheel is quite enough, not many 
Good Radio with that price. Pro-good reception. I used it in the bus.Con-Don t have pre-station saving feature. Don t have lock button function therefore buttons are easy touched.Delivery is 
CD DVD Wallet. Made of good quality material. Zipper works well. Plastic inserts are a bit difficult to get CD s into. Fits into glove compartment  
Excellent. Works great!!! I have a flat roof that does not allow me to add a phone line and the only way to use my satilite system is with a 
Even better than I expected... Great mp3 player. I guess not everybody will appreciate one-line display, however, I knew what I was getting and it is absolutely awesome. I play 
Great little item for your flash. If you have a flash, this or a light sphere is almost a needed item to improve your creative range with your shots. Though, 
Great item-great price. I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it! I think the screen was very easy to read, and was very easy to load. 
usefull even if makes it bigger... Usefull item to protect you precious ipod, if you don t care about dimension...the ipod becomes quite bigger! If I could, I would checked 
Works Great. This item is very easy to install and reception is great. I am using the FM modulator, I don t have a tape player in my car, but 
Good Storage. If you need storage space for multiple CDs, these slim cases that can store 2 CDs are the ticket. For CDs that are labeled you can just put 
One of the best CB s out there. This CB is one of the best CB s that I have used. I am currently employed with a large farming and 
Great Label Product That Sticks & Prints Perfectly For the . This label sticks well, prints well and is multi-function. More bang for the buck and at an unbeatable price 
Very Good Product. I needed a wide screen monitor to work with some large spreadsheets. I saw some Dell s at another office and thought of getting one of them.Luckily 
GE Digital Messaging System with Voice Time and Day Stamp - Black. Displays number of messages very clearly, easy to set u  
Wowie-Zowie. I was looking for the advertised 20 increase in g-range, but ended up with MUCH more than I expected. I m very impressed with this card s range. The 
A LOT OF POPCORN IN A LITTLE PACKAGE!!. I was pleasantly surprised with the overall power of this machine.I was considering purchasing the larger more expensive popcorn machine for my 
Great Price. Great cable at a great price. It works as well as the one I paid twice the price for.. In fact, it seems to be better made  
Easy to use Mini MP3 player. This MP3 player is so easy to use because the menu is clearer than other tiny MP3 players. I have another small MP3 player 
Great size bag. I have two laptop tote bags. One is this bag and the other is an expensive leather Franklin Covey bag. The Franklin Covey bag looks fantastic and 
number of pages per ink cartridge. Hi..I am happy with the quick result for HP15 ink cartridge printing 495 pages. I would appreciate if the comparative list of all HP 
Simple and Good. The chips worked great, please release this is a kit of 2 parts of 1G chips not a single 2G chip. Could be confused  
Good cassette player. I bought this cassette player for my Spanish Class and it works very well. I like the earphone very much,it is cool and comfortable. The only thing 
Works great. My home is prewired in 4 rooms. With the Speaker Selector it is really easy to connect the speakers and choose which ones you want on or off. 
Great device for the money. I bought one of these when they were on clearance for less than 30 and it works wonderfully. A lot of the complaints out there 
great printer for price and quality. the printing quality is very good and the printing speed is good as well. i am very glad i opted for this printer.  
Excellent value. No matter what brand of Cd s one uses, there are always some failures in every box. But you really can t go wrong buying 100 CD-R s 
Easy to Install and Use. This is a fantastic product! I installed the card in my Dell Dimension 4600 without a single problem. The software also installed without a single 
Better safe than sorry !. The day after I set this up, our area did a test of the warning system so I was able to hear the alert immediately. 
Can t find any thing wrong. This backpack has enough room for you notebook, and plenty of other stuff.... There are air holes that allow the backpack to be condensed 
Backup. It s been a great hard drive. it s easy to use and very solid. there is plenty of room and the best thing is that my fiancee and 
Flawless. The AMD Ahtlon 64 Venice processor is great. Installed into my new Gigabyte MB without a hitch and runs very cool. That will give up some room for future 
Good value for money. Batteries have quite a long life, and recharging takes one hour  
Fiber optic switch. Needed this for additional fiber inputs to my A V amp. This was the perfect solution, works great, good pric  
If you say bad things, its because you have never tried a Netgear... I purchased this router for my office I am the system admin here, so computers are 2nd 
Decent. I bought this product at Walmart. The outside scratches easily, but otherwise I haven t had any problems with the manufacturing or quality of the clock. I ve only 
Great GPS. Item arrived in a timely manner and was as described. XM Radio works best when tuned to upper frequency on car radio. Instructions for updating maps was a 
It s called the Ultra Mini for a reason!. This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub.The cord is about 2.5 feet long 
Good value for a Great LCD TV. I bought this for my son s bedroom and it is a perfect size and very valuable. I have been a long time 
Fantastic Music to My Ears. I could start this review by telling you some annoying quirk of this unit or that Sonic Stage software could be better. Everything is gray-everything! 
Compact Flash Card an excellent buy. I purchased this flash card to take on vacation so that I would have enough room for all of the pictures I planned to 
Satisfied Customer. The exact same product I had bought in an office product store and it saved me a 60 mile trip  
Used in the van. I loved this DVD player! We used it in the van for a 30 hour round trip drive for the kids and we never had any 
Top Shelf!. Monster makes good stuff.I was amazed at the difference a good quality coax cable can make. I d been using an RCA audio in place of a coax. 
Great GPS. I was concerned about the negative reviews but bought the eXplorist 600 anyway. Great product, glad I didn t pay attention to the reviews. Works exactly as advertised. 
It s all about the lighting. I ve had a number of universal remotes over the years and each has had pluses and minuses to offer. The monster remote is 
Great product. I own the Rhino 120 and was looking for a second unit. the 530 has everything anyone could ask for in a two way gps. On a recent 
Ecxelent paper. I guess some people presume that photograph should look shiny and glossy all over. Non for everyone. I like matte finish. Also it s has much more longevity-if 
Love it!. I bought this part and the addition that makes it a double shelf. I have my TV on it and it s great  
Great. I needed something to hold my iPod while I skateboard, and this works like a charm. Never moves an inch. Can get a litle uncomfortable if sweating a lot 
Awesome!. These speakers pump! They sound great and can be used for almost anything since they accept multiple input sources. The subwoofer is HUGE though. Make sure you have space 
Great Scanner. It installed in XP quickly and easily. I was careful with the directions since I know you must not plug in the scanner until you are told to 
I LOVE this thing!!!. I have read quite a few reviews on this and other Universal Remotes and I decided on this one based on price, looks and Logitech s 
If I knew then what I know now... I d still buy it. So, I was a little weary to buy an iTrip after hearing some mixed reviews. It seemed 
Great Value for the Price & Features. Overall: This is a good multifunction FAX machine.Background: About June 2005, our previous FAX machine, a Brother MFC-6550, died after 8.5 years of 
new purchase. product as advertised no problems.delivery took 2 days longer than expected  
Great Memory. This memory performas great in my AMD X2 4200 system.Planning on getting 2 more soon.  
The static issue can be fixed. This is a great phone. It is easy to use and has allot of great features. When we first hooked it up it had 
Gate way to the road!. I love my Garman, and using the Antenna alowes you to have the device off of the dash bord and still be connected. I bought 
Verbatim Shiny Slvr Spindle 100pk- 94797 . The price is right even if I had to pay for shipping. I have no complaints about the recording quality of these CD 
Good value CD labels, okay software. 1 The Memorex CD DVD labels are pretty decent. It s white paper with two labels on each sheet, for a total of 60 
Fits perfectly. I don t have much room on my desk, but this copy holder fits perfectly and is still sturdy enough to hold up most texts.  
Purple & Portable!. I bought my Lexar 128mb JumpDrive when the cost was much higher, and I still consider it a bargain. Large enough for most storage requirements, small enough 
Doesn t work with Samsung LN-S2341W 23 LCD HDTV. I could not use this because it would not work with the Samsung LN-S2341W 23 LCD HDTV - more a fault 
muy bueno. para un laptop grande de 17 o mas es perfecto. Tiene mucho espacio y queda bien protegido. Puedes llevar los cables, cd s, papeles... espacio suficiente para todo. 
Best on the market. I discovered this MP3 on the music video Wait a Minute by The Pussycat Dolls.I went online after I saw the Samsung logo and saw this 
Simplicity, Simplicity, Simplicity. Excellent product, quick transfers, easy to use, huge amount of storage. Very happy with this purchase.  
Good little receiver. I have several shortwave radios, but this has become the one I use the most because of it s small size, generally good performance and ease of 
Zumo lives up to expectations. The Zumo was highly touted in numerous publications, prior to its release. It lives up to the best of these recommendations and then some. I 
Targus PA870u. I have had this item for about a year. I got it for my Dell Axim 5. I really like the full size keyboard. It took no time 
Nice bag for the minimalist; super laptop protection. This bag offers incredible protection for the laptop from all angles including the bottom and the sides. It has an extremely comfortable 
Simple, elegant, powerful radio. It just works. . I was looking for a simple, powerful alarm radio, that also accepts AUX in for iPods, etc. . The three primary radios 
Almost excellent!. The quality of this bag is just great the problem could be the very tiny front bag. It also has a small bag for the AC power cable 
Charger & Batteries are great. We used this charger with a DC inverter on a 6000 mile road trip to charge batteries for a Sony DSC-H5 camera and the batteries 
Great media player. I m not someone that is hardcore ipod or hardcore microsoft. I just wanted a good media player that was simple to use and that had plenty 
Eton 10 - Tecsun PL550. This Eton radio is the U.S. domestic version of the Chinese Tecsun PL-550 all-band pocket sized radio. The Chinese version is legended in the native 
Garmin GSC 10 Speed Cadence Sensor. Works great, simple to install. Only problem is that the unit had a VERY weak battery which caused me to think the unit was 
Perfect for the Prosumer market. This is a very handy product for video editing. Definitely saves time and keystrokes. Wonderful for repetitive tasks. I m using Adobe Video Collection Premiere 
What a great little bean!!!. This is the greatest little MP3 player!!! The sound is great good bass , the size is very convenient and everybody who see it, wants 
Works great with my Pentax K10D. Works just fine with my camera, have taken approx. 1000 pictures no problems so far. It is very quick....no problems with continous shooting......until it 
value AG13 button cell batteries. work well in my HP calculator at a fraction of normal retail price  
Well Built Cable, Nice Packaging, Accessories Galore. This is a must-have accessory for your new Slingbox Pro. It is a shame that SlingMedia did not include this cable with the 
Great quality picture but noticable input lag. Picture quality is beautiful. The stand is sleek, sturdy & adjustable. This monitor is awesome in every way except for the fact that 
Good Buy. Purchased this with a digital camera I found on Amazon. The price I got was way below what I found elsewhere. Definately want to buy memory cards for 
Great USB harddrive. When I first thought of buying an external hdd I was worried to buy one without external powersupply. But this one is cool. It works like magic. 
Good reception, Great price. Like the other reviews, the only real problem is that strange light brown plastic piece over the connector plug note: you can not see it in 
Epson Picture Mate 200. I bought this printer to do quality 4x6 prints both cheaply and quickly. The quality is good and it prints relatively fast. Print cost is about 
works well, but difficulty hooking up to computer. Mouse is comfortable to use, and I haven t had any problems with it so far. I did have some difficulty hooking 
works just fine. I started using this item to transfer my pc videos onto my tv,and the picture clarity and voice is perfectly okay for me.I havent used any of 
Targus TCG717 Rolling 17 Notebook Brief Case. This case is extremely universal and has room for all the little extras you need to carry with your laptop for total connectivity. 
Great Upconversion!. Really do love the upconversion. The picture quality is second to none. I have a blue ray player and i find little difference in the 2 pictures. The 
Sling Box. I purchased this item for my husband who travels abroad frequently. The product works as advertised. He has been in Europe, Asia and the Middle East and has 
The best machine on the market!. The instructions are vague and hard to understand because this machine is from China. After using the machine for a few months, I got 
Very good GPS. This GPS provides an option of most use of freeways which is not available in Garmin GPS. We tried both Garmin Nuvi 350 and this GPS. Garmin 
Creative iPOD ... NANO ... Wish it had more volume power ... STILL IT IS AN EXCELLENT GADGET ... the sound quality is DUVINE ..  
Great Investmen. I purchased this case about a month ago, and I really like it. It really help protect your Ipod. I threw it my tote bag along with my 
This mouse rocks!. I am a computer accessory geek. I buy mice and keyboards like some women by shoes and I have to say that this is hands down the 
Amazing. I am probably one of the most musically sound impared people on the planet. I rarely notice the difference between my onboard sound systems and my sound cards. I 
World s Tiniest USB 2.0 Flash Drive. When I get this USB 2.0 Flash Drive I thought that it cann t be working because of the size, but it really 
Awesome!. I have never used a PC mic before, but this one set the bar high! I was sceptical because of the cost it was super low but i am 
Brilliant pictures, lively colors. These are premium glossy photo papers; The ink dries instantly the picture colors and quality match regular 35mm prints. Don t settle for less; recently I 
Awesome Television. We purchased this unit after lots of research, needing wanting to replace a little 9 analog tv that we kept on our kitchen counter which we watched while 
Impressed. The color photos were as good as getting them developed at a photo shop  
Its very usefull. This flahdrive its pretty usefull when you need to have something where to store information and not to many people have to know  
Real Nice... I had this over 2 years now.. I and it is used with all my keys and I do use without any proper care I might say, and 
A great pair of speakers at a great price. I just received these speakers two days ago and I must say I like what I m hearing. I bought these 
Excellent product. I purchased this for my palm treo. It is as good as any known brand name. It does the job which is to expand the memory for music, 
Works great, cheaper than individual colors. You really want to buy the multipack of colors for ink replacement; it saves you time and money over the individual colors. I wish 
Great w the Epson Photo R220 Printer. Love being able to print on DVDs w o having to stick labels on them  
Great functionality & reliability. Excellent product, well worth the money! The Cons I ve listed are in fact just minor irritations to me, but are certainly worth consideration to anyone 
It s So Good I am Buying Another One. I noticed there are several reviews on various products here, but this review is on the Panasonic DMR-ES10S the S is 
Why you should pay more for tapes. Yes, you can use ordinary mini-DV tapes in this camcorder but there are two good reasons for paying more:1. The video encoding format 
Great capacity and fast download times. This card allows me to store 330 pictures at the highest resolution and the lowest compression. If you want less resolution and or more 
Works well, but didn t see a big improvement over RBG cables. These cables were perfect for what I needed - connecting components from a cabinet to a wall mounted 
I expected good and got great!. I don t usually rate items i buy but this projector is just too good not to rate. Just got it today. so i 
Great!!. This was the bext money spent. I too a trip from S.C. to New Orleans with no help of any map...just TOMTOM. It was great, and I recomend everyone 
IOGear USB SD Reader writer GFR202SD. I purchased a SanDisc 4 GB SDHC card for my camera. At the time it did not occur to me that neither my SanDisc 
Another Solid SanDisk Product. I have had nothing but good experiences with SanDisk products. This 2GB Ultra II card keeps up with my new Nikon D200 without any problems. It 
kingston ddr is great. I was having some problems with my PC, I work with 3d renderings and my computer was rebooting each time I try to render a big 
Great Product. We previously owned one of these for at least 6 years. I thought I d try a different brand shower radio and after just 1 week of use, 
Great item. Had mine since December 1999 but noticed that the battery failed after about 3 years, like the other poster wrote, APC didn t list a replacement at first 
Better than my old Belkin model. It s speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This 
Review of child s drum set. I was most impressed with the quality of the materials used to construct this set. It was high quality  
My Zune is much better than my two malfunctioning iPods. I have two iPods that don t work. I bought a shuffle first and that has an error that I 
Both HP and Dell said it wouldn t work....Boy were they wrong!. I am a graphic design artist and have been using my HP Laserjet 5000 for the past, I 
finally found this. When the Sansa first came out, there were no non-computer based chargers out there. This one is easy to use, and you can play songs as you 
Great stereo for the price. Great product. The ipod interface is great. My only warning is during the installation. This stereo was installed in a 2007 Subaru Imreza. Apparently there 
Good Product, Easy to Install. No complaints from me, everything was as expected, simple to install, no problems getting it to work. It s slightly more expensive than some others, 
Good value. I got the 61-key version but decided to return it for this one since 4 octaves is fine for my needs . There are better keyboards out there 
I love it. I love to transfer this USB drive instead of CD, It has more capacity than the CD, and it is faster. I also like the the desig 
Excellent Choice. You won t regret buying this for your 30GB ipod video. Goes especially nice with the black one. Very clean and solid design, easy to open and close. 
IT WORKS!. How can one honestly review something as simple as this? Suffice to say, it does a nice job, it s convenient and I d be lost without it 
The key to a GREAT sound system. I had just bought new JBL S310 floorstanding loudspeakers and hooked them up to my Kenwood VR-407 with my old Radioshack speakers cable 
Sez what it duz, duz what it sez. The converter works great! adds a new level of convienience to my laptop with out replacing my good ol keyboard & trackball 
This product definitely works if you use it correctly . For those that want something to improve the range of their Wireless Access Point WAP wireless router then what you 
Speaker Review. These speakers sound really nice, for the inexpensive price. the addition of surround sound really makes the movie experience better  
Better then an Ipod. It is very easy to sync this item to your computer and it does everything automatically. Plug it in, and very quickly it has added all 
What to Consider... When I buy flash memory, I consider price, speed, manufacturer and vendor. I got this particular memory stick for a SonyEricsson w810i phone. I paid extra to 
Hawking HGA32T Gigabit NIC 10 100 1000 adapter. Worked great on my Windows XP system with auto-detect. No problems.  
bose is steady. Are they the best no.. Do they impress people who havent hear them before YES!! To me thats the best compliment, they are much more objective listenerswith 
Good Earphones. Earbuds are of good qualityWinding case is of no use . I took it as a replacement for Ipod earbuds. The quality is much better than the one 
Great phone. This is really a cool phone. I use it at home and at work. Besides that when ever you are in range of an open Wifi connection you 
Recommend this product. I successfully use the radio feature of this device while working out at the gym. It stays put on my arm and gets good reception of the 
Plays multichannel DVD-Audio and burned DVD-R s. After reading some of the previous reviews, I wanted to state that this player definitely plays back multichannel DVD-Audio discs. If you re 
Cheap cd-r s for backup. We buy these because the price is low and you get 50 cd s in a pack. This is handy for backing up the PC 
Bob King. Slow but professional quality. Not simple. Huge learning curve. Scanning is an art and craft. You don t learn it overnight or even after many weeks. For the 
one of the old titans. in this age of cassette-bashing and 6 kinds of different cd formats battling each other, it is incredible to encounter such kind of simple machines 
I m happy with this product. I received one 10-count box, and not one of the ten cases was broken. All the disc teeth were intact, and my CDs fit 
Best product. I am very glad i purchased this and that too from Amazon, I just love the service i get from Amazon .  
Very good SD Card. I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the 
Trivoli Portable AM FM Radio. It is perfect...it was for an elderly gentleman who can just listen to it right by his chair. Simple functions and good sound make it 
Nice Cover. This is a great protecter for your nano. Its thick will pretty much protect it from almost anything. Ive dropped mine a couple of times pulling it out 
Great Value, though Heavy. Great all-around TV, and everything the average person could want. There s TVs out there with slightly better specs and a more recognizable brand name, but 
Nice PDA Case. I only have 1 problem with this case, and it s the lack of belt clip or another sort of hanger. the lack of this make it 
Great Product. The Vantec Lapcool 4 Notebook Cooler works Great and the extra USB ports are handy  
Comment... Just like everyone else. There are over 100 reviews. I am not saying the same thing again. I just throw my rating in.All I can say is... You will 
Same product - cheaper price. This adapter is the same one sold by Magellan but for much less  
Stunning Achievement. Well, first off ... R.Cheek deserves a round of hisses for his lame 1 star review. Its a shame reviews like that are not removable! 0 out out 
Great TV and Superb Picture Quality.. I just bought this TV before a month. No problem so far with picture quality just it needs some improvement in built-in HD receiver. 
Fnatastic looking and performing cable. Looks well done... it s a cable i just use it between my airport express and my AV surround amplifier... just works  
Buy directly from Bose. I have spent thousands with Amazon but you can order these directly from Bose for 99.99. We have one pair of these and plan on getting 
Good Value with many options. As long as you know what you are getting as far as what HDMI support it has , I feel this is a great product.This 
Lav mic does the job. I do spoken voice recording. This mic seems to perform well. The long cable is a big plus for me.  
Great Printer. This Printer is Great for the Price. I have had it for nearly a month now and I share this printer between 2 comps and it keep on 
Terk TV-55 works great. After struggling for years to get decent translate...ANY FM and AM reception for our receiver, this did the trick. We live about 65 miles from any 
Great idea. Great idea - storing 2 discs in one case - takes half the space  
They sound better than they should!. I ve been an audiophile since the Nixon administration. I first heard about the Sound Pads from a friend who is an accomplished loudspeaker 
I m loving it. Works very well as advertised. I like that the remote control has a magnet for sticking it to the fridge. I was able to teach the 
Not the Right Item. The Sandisk 512 MB Secure Digitial Ultra II SDSDH-512-901 sent to me was not the item I ordered. I returned the item, unopened  
Excellent GPS and Ostia software. this GPS device only costs 170 that will lead you all the way to your destination, which functions exactly the same as the one my 
TomTom GO 910 Portable GPS Vehicle Navigator. Great product, largest screen size for this type of navigation  
Great Card even at 100 . I installed a wireless network using the WRT54GX4 and three WPC54GX4 cards in desktop pc using a pci to pcmcia bridge card. I also 
Works exactly like it should. I have one at work and now one at home. Does exactly what you would expect with no issues. Let me save you some grief 
Ipod Portable Alarm Clock works great. No problems setting it up...I think it sounds great...just as good as my Logitech MM50. My son who is a recording and sound engineer 
ok but not best. this is an ok cable but is not very cheap. you can get much cheaper cable. the cheaper cable is about as good as this one 
love the tv. i bought this tv from circuit city for 1000 and been 3 months and still going strong, bought the 180 warranty for 2 yrs just in case. 
Great little radio. This is a small radio that fits in my bathroom drawer when not in use. The sound is excellent.  
BEST VALUE, Picture in Picture HDTV not HD ready!. This is best LCD TV at this price range. IT HAS PIP , A real HDTV not a fake HD READY. 
Good little corded phone. Since there is now relatively few choices for a good corded phone esp. with caller ID , this phone is tops. This phone and all other 
Better than Generic. If you own a Canon printer, buy a Canon ink cartridge! That is my warning. Generic ink cartridges may look the same as their OEM counterparts but 
Perfect. Simply the perfect compliment to the new MacBook we bought for our daughter. Fits nice and snug with very good padding for protection. No room for peripherals, but that 
Just got it mounted today... ..and it works great. I decided to reinforce my wall, since it s built with metal studs, instead of wood studs. I m also planning 
Quirky retro key layout, but better than anything in its class. My HP 10C needed to be retired. It s taken alot of abuse since the early 80 s. My 
These secure digital memory cards work great. These sd cards are very fast, and they have worked great with my canon SD800 IS. I can keep shooting frame after frame 
sees the bird even inside commercial buildings. WHAT WORKS;Something the typical XM subscriber might not know when they first read about satellite radio is that the signal for the XM 
Been using it for 3 years.... and I m still happy! We initially had to get used to the software and the printer setup and yes, you do need some 
Duet Microphone for LeadSinger. Seems to work exactly as advertised. Great for the occasional party  
fast, really faster than my old ones. I am happy to have several Sandisk products, and all of them are excellent.  
Onkyo Dual Cassette Deck by Paul. I bought this cassette deck to transfer tapes to my computer and then to my mp3 player. It works great. The sound is excellent 
Good for the price. I wanted something to use while mowing the lawn without emptying my bank account. Cuts the lawnmower noise to a tolerable level, and the sound quality 
AWESOME. I love this. I use it at work all the time. I originally purchased one of the boom-box style speakers, but they were so large, they took up a 
No problems with these disks. I have had no problem using these disks. I have bought several packs and all disks seem to work and have been great in transferring 
Can t beat this price anywhere for a 1gb. I bought a 1GB with my new camera because I was giving my other camera and it s 256 memory card 
Nice case...Well worth the money. Great for someone who does lots of traveling and the case has held up very well. Quite durable  
Excellent Budget Amplifier. I bought this amp to run a couple subwoofers in my home theater setup. I have it running two 18 subwoofers at 2 ohms. The amp does 
Very good quality mount. Had to get this mount for our lcd. Saw it at Best Buy for double the price. We love the fact we have so many options 
Great speakers for the price!. I put these speakers in my garage, they sound great. I m not sure I would recommend them for home theater speakers, but they are 
Good Product. I have had this memory card for a little less than two months and I have had no problems using it with my Fugi camera. I would recommend 
Nice little recorder to have. I used this recorder alot, I have alot of classes,and the playback is good, it has little folders where if you recorded on one section 
Take time to program it. I have had this radio about a week, and it is my first such since I had a Zenith Transoceanic back in the 1960s a 
An Alternative to MP3 Players. I ve been contemplating for quite sometime, getting an MP3 player for my 30-40 mile bike rides. I had grown tired of having the portable 
Works Great. Great for if you are not near a computer and need to charge your Ipo  
Wonderful sound !. These cables are excelent. They reproduce bass, middle and highs very clearly and in a soft way. They sound very good and natural. I think the guys 
Works well - great price. Lots of storage at a good price. Speed is very good - more than ample for basic data storage - Nuvi info, maps, etc. More 
Microsoft Witreless Optical Mouse 3000. Very easy to use. Comfortable size. I would recommend this product if you don t need advanced bells and whistles  
Look at all the negative reviews at newegg on this ram and choose wisely. I bought this RAM and mine is working fine. I ran 8 and a half hours 
Useful. Great looking bag. Only thing that I don t care much for is the separate detachable mesh like pouch bag that s used to store the power adapter...  
They work amazingly well. My previous experience with noise cancellation has been mostly with aviation headsets, and in light planes and helicopters they are a necessity if you value your 
Super Motherboard. I don t have any word...This thing is super great...Super Easy for the O.V fans as me..  
very happy. works with linux. yes, it works with the linux madwifi atheros: ath pci driver. although w FC6 is a real pain to configure....eg. i had it working properly 
Big Sound for a Small Price. I have a Bose wave radio and this sounds so much better. I find that the greatest deficiency is the Reception. It s a 
Great performance. 16X writting speed is exelent and no writting errors. You can buy whith close eyes  
Great Printer. I bought this printer to replace an Epson 2200 and I have been very happy with my choice. As compared to the 2200, I have the following observation:1. 
good headphones. I ve had these headphone for about two months now and they re a really good pair of headphones. I really like that they re foldable because they 
size, speed and savvy. I use this to read the Trans-Flash card from my mobile phone with SD card adapter . It works as expected, but seems to have higher 
Product desciption could be more specific. I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you must plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m 
Nice Docking Station. Sound quality is great with the Wide Stereo Effect. Volume has a nice range and there is low to no distortion at higher volumes. My only complaint 
Works Well and Somewhat Easy to Us. It took me about two hours to install, because my network was using a different network class instead of the class that the 
EXCELLENT VALUE. Great for simple-minded people who don t want to deal with larger video-based mp3 players. I bought this about a month ago and use it when I jog. 
Verbatim DVD Rs always work. This DVD R always works.My DVD burner on a Dell tower failed to burn some DVDs from another brand. I did some web surfing and 
A Lot Better than MYFI. Disclaimer: I have not used the Napster software. I did unnecessarily install it to use the firmware update client which did not work , and 
HP 15. I received my order within a couple of days. It was not a remanufactured cartridge, which is what you get when you buy from some of these ink 
Great router!. Got mine about two weeks ago and all I can say is that it just works beautifully. Setup was a snap, no webpages or reading a manual to 
xd Picture Card. This is a great item, holds lots of pictures, and I gave one to a friend with a broken digital camera, and what do you know, it 
Excellent!. The sound quality is superb. I really like how the entire unit headphones and cord is 2-3 long, so there s no worrying if, like me, you prefer to 
A Must for Laptop Users. I hate not having a number pad on my laptop, and this product ameliorates that situation. Good stuff  
Love it - needed one years ago. We have business that provides payment choices for merchants. We were trying to print labels from the large sheets when we just needed 
coolest phone ever!. My mom bought me the candlestick phone and it is great. My friends love it, too. It looks really cool and the ringtone it just like my 
Works great, has a switch. We bought two of these cases to make use of drives from an unused server. The cases made it easy to install the drives, are 
Amazing!!!. After using the Roku system for a few years, I upgraded to the Sonos. WOW, it was like going from a Pinto to a Bently. The Sonos product is 
What a difference a few years makes...... This set is impressive.My husband and I have been somewhat limited by the size brands of LCD units that would fit in our 
Excellent computer table for travelers. If you travel and you have a notebook computer, you need this table. It truly weighs only 3 pounds. I couldn t believe the small 
Works well with Macintosh. I have an iMac G5 the flat panel one and this keyboard and mouse works really well with it. The Microsoft keyboard and mouse drivers are 
GRRRRREEEAAATTTTT BAtteries. These batteries are the absolute best batteries, they can last forever. I got them for my nephew, and he loves playing with for hours. He can stack them, 
My problem was solved!. What a great product! I needed a way to have my TV play through my hot tub stereo speakers so we could hear our TV on 
Good for the price, can t tell difference. I bought this cable to run from my computer video card to an A V switch, which connects to an older CRT 
Better than I thought. I gave this product a try even after a review saying that the hold button doesn t works well.It is true that the hold button is 
great product best for ipod. having looked and tried a number of headunits i found the ipod integration on this to be by far the best lighting fast... only gripe 
Acer LCD Monitor - Great!. Great monitor for the price. Blacks are very back and with my Vista OS, the Acer 22 shows fantastic graphics. It is basically a plug-and-play. 
it works. It s a cable, it works, what else do you want? If you want to be a sucker and pay 150 at Best Buy go right ahead if 
Excellent cable, great price. I ve had this cable for years now with no problems. Great price, great quality. Strongly recommend and don t fall for the Monster Cable hype 
EXTREME quality value and service. I have recently been involved in preparing my A V for future arrivals of an HD LCD and a Playstation 3. I am a person 
Rechargeable batteries. Batteries have been working great, holds charge as rated. will order more when needed  
For the price, it s Stuning!. This is one of the very best multiplayer for the price. The picture quality is almost very close on par with other players that 
Great TV...a bear to set up. First of all...if you have the issue where you cannot change any items in a menu...do this:On the remote, hit the Menu button and 
hello kitty phone. This is a vey cute phone. and to some of the reviews on here.I would really want this phone in my room.I m 27 but, when I 
love it. The hard case is great and it s worth the money to have the screen and dial protector. The dial protector is good and doesn t make it 
Great product. You can t beat it for the price. Great sound. I would like to have had one that was a little more flat. However, I just use a 
Works perfectly and delivered in time by seller. The Memory module wa delivered in time and has been working perfectly since installed around 4 weeks back  
Canon BCI-3eBK Cartridge. This is my first time owning a computer that I was responsible for everything about it. I find that this cartridge is easy to install, but the 
WOW! great item. I bought this 2 years back and still it is in great shape. Recently i forgot compact flash in my shirt pocket and went for washing and 
Double Sided Matte. We have used Epson S041568 Double-Sided Matte Photo Paper 8.5x11, 50-Sheets for at least 3-4 years and am very satisfied with its quality We use it for 
No MUTE button while on speakerphone. Great phone for 2 line use in my home office, however lacks a MUTE button for conference calls  
Fast Shipping. I am very pleaed with this merchant. They do a great job. I will order from them again! Thanks  
TWO WEEKS MARKET STUDY FOR BUYING THIS PRODUCT. First of I want to say that This Transmitter Trounces the Competition.Before buying this product I enter to a lot of pages 
very impressive. I ve had it for 3 months now and I m in love with this piece of equipment. It s plug and play, easy to carry and so, 
Wonderful. My first GPS was the Nuvi 350 and recently had to purchase a new one due to lost GPS. I have not been disappointed. The added features of the 
great, but interface is weak. This is slightly awkward to use - the ipod interface puts it to shame. Small buttons, and multi-step processes for getting around the functions. BUT, 
Upgrade. I m probably considered the soccer mom referenced in a previous review. I bought the Garmin Nuvi 670, as an upgrade to our current TOMTOM 910. It s much 
overall, good product. I bought this product for 2 weeks and I enjoy using it.The GPS function is great except that it takes about 30 seconds to search for signals 
GREAT Addition to Flight Simulator. The logitech freedom cordless joystick is wonderful... I bought it for my partner s birthday along with Microsoft s Flight Simulator software... What fun... He 
Samsung SyncMaster 214t 21.3 lcd Monitor. This is the First Item sumsung screen 214t 21.3 but from Amazon it s very good customer service and very fast response and dilivery 
Who could have guessed these would be so good for the price?. Jensen JM10 Anonymous Review I love these headphones!! The easy access volume control is right where I need 
Works, but still charges slowly. This is handy to have at home as it allows me to keep the USB charger docking cable that came with the archos 604 in 
Hands down, the best machine for the money!. I had been using several of the handheld crank and motorized units in the past. They never really did a great job 
Nice reliable flash drive. 12Meg sec rd, 1.2ms access timeno cap - open plug end is not good for dusty workplacestoo thick to plug directly into stacked portsnot easy to 
Great alarm clock. I bought this alarm clock to replace a Coby dual alarm clock. I was always annoyed after a power failure when I had to reset the clock 
Solid multi purpose printer - Fax won t work with Vonage. This machine does pretty much everything you could need in a wireless machine. Main downside to machine is that 
Optoma Projector Rocks. This projector is awesome. I m projecting on a 72 screen and the picture is great. The size and value here beat out the big expensive televisions 
Almost 100 . Very good phone, very handy for the elderly. The only thing we have a problem with is when you are on a long call it beeps like 
excellent TV. I received this TV about 2 months ago from Amazon Eagle. The TV was manufactured in January 2007. Either I am unable to understand what this clouding problem 
I love this mouse!!. It s so cute and tiny! I love it so much more than the old mouse I was using. I took it to work, and have 
Recording Made Easy. I love the simplicity of this turntable. The included materials are enough to get you up and running. The software is simply Audacity, a free-ware program, but 
The only way to fly. Well, this may not be the only way to fly, but the print server is an excellent buy. Does not work with a very old 
It s a cable. It s relatively cheap. It works. I bought this so I could plug my PowerBook into my stereo s optical input. The mini-toslink connectors fit perfectly, 
Buffer Marks. I use the pink circles to buff the cd dvd, and it leaves the circular marks all over the cd, as I thought it would. Well, I thought 
BEST LITTLE POCKET RADIO EVER. I have had several of these types of radios including Sangean and Radio shack. This is by far the best one ever.I bought it for 
Wow~ Can not belive this unit only costs 79. Installation was easy. With the correct harness and knowing your speaker config, it took about 1 hour. BTW, I have never 
Nice n light. I received this product, Skullcandy SC-BTi, today s noon. I noticed it s really cool and lightweight when I compare it with the other headphones. so I 
Sound Great. These speakers are both stylish and sound great, a nice compliment to my first Mac computer  
Wonderful T.V. I love this tv we got this friday and have loved it it has an amazing picture on a standard definition signel. It has ten total inputs 2 
Some regrets but a very good TV. I ve had my TH-37PX60U for a couple of weeks now. I bought it because I read many enthusiastic reviews and very few 
Excellent 1st Time Buyer Color Laser Printer; Great for the Price, However, Bad Paper Feeder for Labels, etc. I have only ever owned color ink jet printers such as Epson 
fun, except for the keyboard . I bought this for my husband for his birthday. He reads a lot, so I worried it wouldn t have the words he needs 
Nice. I really thought this pedal has a nice sound, but it isn t very loud. I mean, it isn t even supposed to be loud or anything, but I 
Does the job, fit needs adjustment. The carry case does the job of holding my Walkman and therefore I say it is worth the money. However I have found for 
An exellent multimedia device. Right when I got my pmc-120 I was really pleased with it.The screen has very good resolution and is very large.The controlls are right where you 
wow this is easy. ALL I DID WAS OPEN THE PACKAGE, PLUG IT IN AND STARTED WATCHING VIDEOS . ITS REALLY THAT EASY, THANK GOD, OTHERWISE, I WOULD HAVE TO 
Beautiful Sound. Even after reading all the reviews on this product I was still amazed at the sound quality and loudness this little speaker set offers. Perfect for traveling, camping, 
NTFS for the drive. After reading the reviews on this website I was a little apprehensive about buying this drive, but I m glad I bought it.The drive comes installed 
It was not up to my expectation... I had originally bought the Seagate 400GB with 16MB of cache at a local store, but, I returned it when I saw this 
Easy to use no wires to break. I had been using an iRiver transmitter. It was hard to read and lots of the cords made it clumsy to use. This 
Works well. The bracket sticks out three inches from the wall. the TV is 3-4 inches in depth so over all it sticks out 6-7 inches from the wall. This 
great product. easy too hook up.remote is easy to use.sound and video quality is top notch  
Battery dead. The product is great, I have used it extensively both for road and MTB cycling. Very easy to install and almost no set up, you ll be pedaling 
Impressive product. The primary advantage of using a flashlight with a LED bulb over incandescent is battery drain. The LED lights simply give you a lot more battery mileage. The 
Awesome Headphones. The audio is great and they stay on my head really well. None of the earbuds would stay in my ears and these are great. snug but they 
Works great. TV and DVD player work great. Picture is clear and sound is good. I ordered a good bracket to hang it on the wall. When you order a 
Sounds great on Yamaha HTR-5990. The reception is great and the actual quality of the audio is fantastic.  
Good quality, inexpensive portable video, music and photo storage viewer. Works great! First of all it syncs with Windows very easily. Unlike my iPod 3rd Gen with XPlay which takes 
IPOD 60 GB. Great piece of technology. The use for podcasts was an unexpected bonus and has become by primary use. Amazing quality of sound and conveniece.  
Good for the gym. The armband seems to be well built, but unfortunately isn t stretchy. It will definitely last a long time  
Good Inexpensive Product. This product represents very good value for the money. I am well pleased with it. Since I spend a lot of time on the road it is 
Excellent all-round presentation gear. I have extensively used other presenters from other reputed brands, but many of them lacked the complete functionality. This piece comes with a mouse built-in which 
plug in and it works!. The WPC55AG is a dream! Plugged it into my Dell X200 notebook and in an instant I was connected! Seamlessly finds and connects to either 
great product. This is a reliable and good product. However, it is very likely you will have to call customer service to help you install it...it is not intuitive. The 
Well Pleased. cost is low because the company no longer exists - no tech support, no company website just be prepared for Win 2000 and XP, you must download your 
Orb Ipod. My daughter loves this product. She says it has great sound. She highly recommends it for anyone with an Ipod  
A trac of genius. The Sony Portable Minidisc is a piece of pure digital craftsmanship. I recently bought one from the store and I believe this is best things I 
Beware it is for zen micro not zen PMC. Beware it is for zen micro not zen PM  
One of the best dvd changers. I purchased this item about a month ago because I wanted a 720p upconvert 6-disc changer. This dvd player looks great and comes with 
Great Deal!. What a wonderful CD player!- Nice design with LCD display, buttons on top of the body- Optional hand strap- MP3, Radio play back!- Takes regular AA batteries- Little 
Best Nano Cover?. Let me start by stating; You need to cover the Nano. It gets scratched, worn and ugly very quickly without a case and this case covers all 
TV DVD combo makes perfect sense. IT S SURPRISING how few combination TV and DVD players there are on the market because it makes perfect sense. I am so sick 
Logitech wireless system for iPod works great. I use it in my bedroom to connect my iPod to my Bose Wave Radio CD. I keep the iPod on my nightstand 
Very Compact & Handy. This is a great way to keep accessories together and at hand. Compact and easy to store in the car or in a travel bag.  
high quality. The card seems to be very high quality. I haven t had any problems so far. It holds about 600 pictures in the large format in my 3.2 
Gone digital. Now with my archos dvr attachment, I ve basically trashed the vcr. For all the prehistorics, out there, a vcr is a machine popularized in the 80s and 
Best Cheap Cordless Phone. I purchased one of these phones a few years ago to use in a dorm room. It s perfect -- the 900mHz signal floats below the 
Does What It s Supposed To Do. have used various models of Palms since the mid 90s. the Palm replaced my Franklin planner many years ago.the Tungsten E is a 
cobra external speaker HG-S500. I am very pleased with this cobra external speaker, it performed as advertized. It is of high quality material and workmanship. It looks good and works 
A Great Surprise!. This is the way to go! The case looks good, protects my player, has easy access to connections. If there is a downside, it is that you 
Has a phone surge protector on board. The advantage of this surge protector-power strip is that there is a 2 outlet phone jack surge protector on board. I actually had 
791XV in use for about 6 months. I have a turbocharged G20 actually Japanese Nissan Primera , and installed this alarm for three main features. These are: 1 Remote start, 
Headphones cover many bases. I purchased these headphones on the basis of PC Gamer s recommendations that they are the best gaming headphones available. Thus far, they have failed to 
Cobra Quality, Could have saved the Kim Family?. In no way am I down playing the heroism of James Kim in trying to save his family but! It s ironic, 
Best little carrying case ever. Plenty of room for our HPA612 printer and a friend bought the same one for her HPA617. Pockets for extra paper. Shoulder strap for even 
Virtual 5.1 system with only 3 speakers! Must hear to believe!. The Bose Companion 5 speaker system is a fantastic addition to a multimedia home computer system. I ve had 
MD781 5.8GHZ good phone with all the features. Our household has been shopping around for cordless phones and the first thing we found was that we needed a 5.8GHZ because 
Perfect!. This case is awesome for my Palm TX. Great fit, great protection, and a very inexpensive insurance policy againts accidental drops  
Very satisfied. Popped it in, works like a charm. Hardest part is opening the packaging, but other than that no worries  
Increase WiFi signal strength at RV parks. I purchased the Hawking HWU8DD on the recommendation of several other RVers. WiFi signals at RV parks tend to be unreliable. Until now, 
Excellent Product. I searched high and low for a product like this and seriously, this was the only one that had it all ... plays regular and mp3 CDs, AM 
It s a cable. It s a damn long cable at that.And... it works. Yay. Buy it. Rub it on your woohoo. I dunno..  
BEST MONEY EVER. I have been using these machines for the last 2 years we own two!the best investment for cheap3m with over 5,000 feedbacks! using this machine has improve 
Good device; but be realistic about your actual consumption. I am not upset about my purchase of this device, but I do need to point out a few things about 
SanDisk Mini SD 512MB Flash Memory Card. I purchased this to use in my LG VX8100 mobile phone. I have used it for MP3 s and has been working fine. 
GREAT PRICE FOR A I GIG. I SHOPPED AROUND FOR A CARD AND FOUND THIS ONE FOR THE SAME PRICE AS MANY OF THE SMALLER ONES SO I DECIED TO 
The Best Karaoke Machine in Existence. The Singing Machine has so many wonderful features and the way it is set up for viewing is perfect. I love it so much 
Excellent Mousepad. Having used a variety of books for mouse pads to try and fully utilize my Razer Copperhead, the Razer eXactMat with the eXactRest is an incredible bundle. The 
Best UPS I ve had for home office, and most expensive. The reason I had to spend this much for a UPS in January of 2007 is because I wanted 
There is no Free Lunch of Software Extras. Just allow me to add the following:The unit is an impressive package.It is a far more economical alternative to a tablet.Just for 
Great player! Screen may be delicate. This is a great player, but be careful of the screen. Because the screen is so big, it can t help being a bit 
Great idea still needs a little improvement. I got the charger for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loved the idea immediately; however, the plugs that it comes with don 
THE Ink for the EPSON Stylus Photo R1800. If you own the EPSON Stylus Photo R1800, this is the ink for you.  
Easy choice. It s a great value for the price and Sandisk is a leading name in memory sticks  
Awesome Player w Web Browser. After owning this product for 1 month I can say I m very happy with the purchase I made. The webbrowser works really well, if 
Surprisingly good!. This is now my go-to bag. It has excellent build quality and it s pretty much the perfect size. I really like the style and the way it 
Sleek and Practical. I ordered this from Amazon after checking it out in a store and on the Salamander website. Has great features - finally a system that lets you 
Cute lil Player!. This is a very cute Hello Kitty player! I bought it for my 8 yr old daughter and it works great! It is very good for just 
Spectacular Value. I purchased this television at a bricks-and-mortar store, on sale, for less money than the 32 LCD screen that I was considering. I was planning to place the 
Very useful gadget!. The idea of having the mouse where you need it, and not somewhere in your laptop bag with all the other essentials you lug around, is great. 
Wanderful product. Kingston always deliver great product and this one is great for the price. Work straight out the box  
Bose Wave Radio II. This latest model has excellent sound and an elegant look. However, the controls are no longer on the unit itself but only on the remote. Aside 
Best buy! Best value!. For what you pay you still get outstanding picture and sound quality for less than 2.00 for each video cassette. This is all you need for 
Great price for the size. Have not had any problems yet. I needed more space to store 5 years worth of pics, and may buy another. Much better than carrying 
Does what it claims to do. Installation was simple and then it worked perfectly. I really am not an expert on sound quality and did not do much comparison with 
Garmin Forerunner carry case. Perfect for transport traveling with my Garmin Forerunner. Search for a good price as I paid 22.00 and also saw it priced over 40.00 at numerous 
Rock Solid.. I have 2!!. Great mic for Podcasting. I put it on a nice desk stand and hook it into the Maudio USB Preamp. It does require phantom power 
Zen Micro Flip Case. Perfect cover for the Zen Micro, you can still easily access the front pad and charge it without having to remove the case. It won t 
Sooo Muuuuuuuuuuch Rooooom. This Card works perfectly in my Verizon VX8600. Not to mention it was a great deal. I recommend to anyone who owns that phone! I don t 
Not a bad mouse by any means. WR, Sorry but I dont think you ve used this mouse. It is not made of a cheap plastic. The sides of the 
I ve had this for 2 years. I got this product when I first signed up to Telewest Broadband and it has never failed. I have had it for 2 
Does the job at a cheap price. Cables are nice and fat and work just fine. For the value cannot be beat a great purchase  
Best Privacy Filter to Purchase. I searched in local stores for a privacy filter that would fit my LCD monitor at work. This search was unsuccessful so, I almost gave 
Just what I expected. Like I said, it is what I expected and I am satisfied  
Everything I was looking for!. I am very pleased with this item. It is fits comfortably, holds my CD player snugly and has room for my ID, keys, extra batteries 
Great Earphones despite the price!. 10 for this pair of earphones is an absolute steal. Initially, I was only looking at alternatives from the usual suspects, Sony and Seinheisser.Style: simple, 
Solid system for the price. After much research I purchased this HTIB to provide the sound for my new Toshiba 56 HDTV. There were several key points about this system 
GOOD BUT NOT THE BEST. Had this TV for about a month now. the picture quality is not the best but with proper cables and HD programming it is a 
Work with 4 players. I tried these with 4 players Sony, LG, LiteOn, Samsung work fine with all of them  
Black iFM = No Recorder. I haven t purchased this item yet, but buyers should be aware that the black version does not offer recording capabilities. If you go to 
almost there. Overall it is great. Size, features, except the screen. The size is not the issue, but rather the resolution. At 320x24o it is just too low for this 
Great printer!. I love this printer! I bought it becuase I travel a lot and it s much easier to set up this printer in my hotel room or anywere 
If You Own An iPod, BUY THIS PRODUCT. This is simply just a cable to connect your iPod to your home stereo, as long as your home stereo has available 
Another Amazon steal !. For the money this unit rocks. I use it for movie night out in the yard on a king size sheet as a screen and me 
Best cordless phone I ve used. Previously we had a couple of 900MHz phones that I mostly liked but we very basic. And I didn t like that they could 
KVM. Have been using it for 3 months without a problem. The only possible negative is that it takes about 3 seconds to switch  
Good VCR for the Money. Easy to program for recording VCR and good quick timer options . SVHS good on SVHS tape, but not on regular VHS tape.Good edits.Remote clunky 
Great Picture, BUT... Just before XMAS I bought this TV and two others, Samsung 19 and 27 LCD HDTVs. I was seriously considering the Samsung DLP HDTV but after viewing 
Great little power strip. This is a great little power strip that allows me to maximize the contents of my briefcase. One of the most useful things I have ever 
Great Sound, Almost no hiss when on. Inexpensive, great sound, reasonably portable, diminishes ambient noise considerably, comfortable to use on extended periods of time, great value.Decent battery life, just remember 
Powerful, Tight Bass. I just added this to my Onkyo HTIB system and it s made all the difference in the world. I m a bit of an audiophile on 
Great Router......Not expensive. If you are looking for a wireless router. This one is great. I did a lot of research and found this one to be the top rated 
Sony CD Changer. Great product for storing and playing the entire CD collection - and the price just keeps coming down  
Altec portable speakers. I like these guys so much, I bought one for my daughter and girlfriend. Excellent sound.  
This Printer is great. Out of the box this printer is Ink Hungry however you can get a Continuous ink supply system CISS and all you ink problems will be 
Great Product. I bought this a few months ago for use in my car. It works great. I highly recommend it  
If You re New to Radios, This Isn t the One. This is a fine pocket radio for people who need something small and don t want to suffer the 
Gamer s Keyboard. I purchased the Zboard after seeing it for sale in the store. I have long wanted a keyboard that made gaming easier and this seemed to fit 
Mousepad is worth the price. I was looking at other expensive mouse pads that were up towards 10 . I found that this simple 3 buck mousepad is perfect for 
thank you. thanks for still selling the 900 mhz phone... it works fine for me and I don t have to worry about frying my brain  
Big design improvement!. I recently broke another transmitter made by this company, but I was happy enough with it to buy another product from them. This is a complete redesign 
Good Cd Boom box. Great price for CD, Radio, AM FM and cassette. The only drawback is that its a little bigger than I expected. It works fine and has 
Works great. This gizmo is really cool, i use it with my verizon phone and tranfer music and data back and forth as i wish with no problem  
Excellent product. This thing is picking up radar from over a half a mile out. Very pleased with it!!  
Satisfied with digital card. This sandisk digital card has been very useful and worked perfectly fine.Thank you  
Quality cable. I was suprised that this item was as expensive as it was. However, I decided to buy it because a bad connection can make high-quality components sound bad. 
Why ask for more?. I have used this unit for about a year and must say I love it. It is so super easy to use and program. No tricks, 
Cool little MP3 player! Software is NOT!. Bought this little cool MP3 player yesterday. It is a fun little toy, filled with features. The LCD is simply beautiful. Battery was 
Happy So Far. After waiting over 10 days for Toshiba to replace the OEM AC adapter, we got impatient and bought the Targus APM10US Universal AC DC Adapter, which has 
Decent RF Modulator. I needed a simple RF Modulator to watch DVD s on an older TV, and it does the trick nicely. It automatically detects the signal from the 
Great basic mouse. I love this mouse. I definitely feel it pays to buy a mouse that costs over 20, like this mouse, as it is worth it, because:1. It 
Best I ve tried yet. I ve seen others coaster from day 1 and I ve seen others coaster after day 60 after an actual succesfull write! but these are 
Quality Item. This is a very well made shredder that doesn t an excellent job of shredding. Wish I would have purchased it sooner  
Good product. This active antenna works as advertised. I have used itin the mountains and downtown and never lost the satellite signal  
it s the little things that make life so good.... Responsive, but not too responsive.Works well on my mac.My husband bought me one for my mac at home, and I 
Great product. The sound quality is great if your ears are the regular size and shape. I bought it to replace the one came with my iPod keep falling  
THE RIGHT CHOICE. This TV reinforced my confidence in Panasonic engineering excellence. I was able to set it up very quickly after it arrived via UPS on my doorstep. It 
Lots of bang for the buck....... I recently bought one of these to replace my TI-36X that I d been using for engineering calculations. The keypad is laid out well, 
TV Stand. Nice, very satisfied, slick design, only thing is wire management through the Alumn. tower hard to get wires through don t use your hand inside  
Good overall... I choose this dock because it offers more features RF Remote with more buttons functions than the Apple iPod Dock Charger Remote and it is ~ 40 cheaper. 
good product. this radar laser detector is very good detects the police radarand the best is do not false signals  
Great Product I love it. The reason I bought this answering machine was so that I could delay for 6 rings before it would answer the phone. We need more 
A really great deal!. These cases are durable and colorful! None of that dull black or transparent stuff. They re made from the company that makes the best CD-Rs, Verbatim. 
More Facts. If you re looking at this item it might be because you re interested in the TV Tuner feature and couldn t find what you needed at a 
Worth Every Penny!. This might be the best thing Apple has ever made, it works perfectly with my Mac Book Pro and my PCs. The security is awsome and it 
Great value. I m giving this product 4 stars, as it is performing much better than I expected! I purchased the Sylvania 19 TV, as it was the cheapest available 
Great buy. I purchased these set together with 6 additional expandable phones. They work great. We have a large house with 6 bedrooms and the range is very good. These 
Love it!. I love that it has two different modes- you can shuffle your playlist or just listen to it in the order you put the play list in on 
Garmin 010-10723-03 Suction Cup Mount for the Nuvi 350. This mount is very stable, easy to install with multi position for the unit that functions with ease  
Worked as advertised right out of the box. I hooked up an XP laptop and an XP desktop to one side of it. Next I hooked up a 19 monitor, 
coverge time line?. does this warranty plan start after the original manufacturers warranty ends? for example, Sony Tv s carry a 1 yr warranty, would this warranty start then...so you 
Built like a brick. I had the original Cry-Baby back in the 70 s and was very happy with it. I recently bought another and was just as pleased. They 
Apple Crazy. I really love this Hannspree Red Apple Televison. It completes the apple decor in my kitchen. The picture is unremarkable! At first I was concerned the screen would 
Nice case with one design drawback. I like the appearance of this case very much, and it does a great job of protecting my iPod. The one problem that I 
Casual user -- 50 discs in 6 months --not one coffee-cup mat. Excellent flawless -- works great on my PC s Sony burner. Highly recommend. No coasters yet  
best value for the money. simple excellet. easy to install and much more chipper than other card  
Where is my wheel?. Received notice last week that it was in the shipping stage. It still is.Shows in-stock, but it s not actually shipping thought he page says it 
Perfect. Using device to connect two external HD s and a Brother HL-1240 laser printer parallel only to my Dell XPS M1210 notebook no parallel . Works perfectly. No issues 
Things to consider if you re getting a 2GB card. I purchased the 2GB Elite Pro SD card but found out that my older SimpleTech FlashLink card reader is not 
Garmin Bash Guard for Rino 120. I can not believe how fast it was shipped and delivered 1 DAY this is one of the best GPS talk radios on the 
Awesome. What can I say? This is one tough little cookie.Liquidcool metal was actually developed by NASA in 2005, it is twice as durable and strong as titanium and as 
sima ssw 4 speaker selector. This item works great. exacting what I needed to hook up 4 sets of speakers.recommend this item and the cost is right  
Great strap, but....Hello Canon....wheres your brain ???. I owned the Canon EOS 1-d, which I sold to obtain the &quot;latest-greatest&quot; EOS 1-d Mark II. My first model 1-d came with 
Review for a translator. Very light weight, slim, quite convinient to use. It is good to have this gadget while travel  
Great. After shopping around, this model has all the features I was looking for at the best price. It works perfect and we have had no problems at all. The 
ear phone flange sleeves. They work well, not only increasing the pleasure of listening, but also cutting almost all of the outside noise out  
The best price for the best ink cartridge. Print cartridges are expensive but I found this group did the trick for a good price. Works great in my Epson printer 
SD on the go. This is a great product for those who need to transfer files from a digital camera without the hasle of software. Its easy and quick. I 
Expensive, but awesome prooduct. I do occasional field recording of my children s plays, piano recitals and similar events. I like to record them for my own purposes like listening, 
Inexpensive Quick charger. Garmin Streetpilot C550 Series A C Charger Does what it is supposed to do. Charges your unit quickly. Inexpensive. Amazon was out of stock so item was 
Item works well and the price I paid 20 at Best Buy was right. These work great on an airplane as some of the other reviewers have mentioned. They re 
Excellent. My biggest concern was running the coaxial cables through this piece of equipment and losing picture quality.Truly made for HDTV  
Great for organizing CDs if you don t like huge binders. These CaseLogic boxes are excellent for storing your CD library and protecting it from dust and daamge. I use 
A great printer!. This is a great little printer. The size is appealing, and it s easy transportable with a convenient carry-handle on top . Unfortunately it does not have 
Very good item. I so satisfied on this product, I think it is low price and high qualit  
Tips for users. If you find that they UPS is briefly cutting off power at computer boot up, there s something wrong with your configuration. The UPS is purposedly cutting 
Money better spent elsewher. Should Depict 1 StarSadly, the more products I buy from post Cisco merged Linksys..the more money I lose. Made the mistake of buying this item for 
Delphi Portable Audio System for XM Roady XT. Excellent product that meets or exceeds expectations  
Power to Spare. What a great power supply!!!I removed my old defective unit and replaced it with StarTech.com s unit, What a difference in quality. The StarTech unit weighed a 
Easy Addition. The AC-701 Remote allowed me to move my Cobra 75-WXST from the truch to my Jeep with the turning of one collar on the connection cable. Now both 
Solid Mouse. I ve had thise mouse for over a year and it still works perfectly. I ve used it without problems on both my PC and my Mac. The 
Review of the Olevia 532H 32 LCD TV. I chose this television because of the excellent review that was given to it in the March 2007 issue of Consumer Reports. 
Don t Settle for Imitations!. I ve had Canon printers using this cartridge for more than a year and won t settle for any of those knock-offs. Yeah, they re 
Sanyo s Eneloop batteries are Awesome!. I have a Sony digital camera that uses 2 AA batteries. I was always upset that I had to recharge my standard Ni-MH batteries 
Cute, Comfortable, and Cheap. These little headphones are great for the price. I used to use the headphones that came with my iPod but after having to replace them 3 
Excellent out-of-box functionality, but.. I bought the Quest 2 after researching all the Garmin products, plus the products from Magellan and Dell Dell s PDA GPS is not going to 
The Best. I have had occasional write errors with other brands, although admittedly I have not tried them all. But Verbatim media is always reliable. I have written over 200 
Awsome. This is a awsome Bye. The front facing speeker is the best part. It is a vary durable cb vary easy to use and small enough to fit in 
Not a whole lot to say except perhaps perfect. - Outstanding picture.- Auto power save shut off very nice when leaving machine on for long periods of time. Think this 
Works well for me!. I ve owned my HP 5MP for about 5 years. I never thought I would use the infrared port until my Honey bought a laptop with 
Good Deal!. I gave this to my nephew for his birthday--hold lots of pics and videos at least 250 pics . I wouldn t say it ever cost as much 
Excellent product. Very good laptop speakers: Good range, excellent bass, simple to connect, stylish, small footprint...It turned my portable computer into a satisfying small stereo system  
Excellent Earbuds. I was hesitant when I read the negative reviews, but I was very satisfied when I got my earbuds today. I understand some people complained about discomfort, but 
Good product but lost the important information for the customers. I bought this product a week ago. It s a good product but the seller should put the important information. 
Excelent!!!. The image of Playstation and Video are excepcional. Im my room that isn t big - 3.5m I have a screen of 89 .Excellent choic  
Excellent for video playback on your TV. I was a bit apprehensive after reading all of these negative reviews, but I thought I d give it a try myself, and 
great price, great ipod holder. Way more affordable than what is out there. Fits ipod nano snuggly and adjusts nicely. Great for runners  
Good Stuff. Imation makes good stuff. Hope that the mail-in rebate info is all in the package. Can t beat the price  
Simple. A simple CD-player with 44x sampling by a reputable manufacturer. The laser did not read the discs, but it was happily exchanged for one that did. If one is 
Cheerfully solicited. Disclaimer: this is a solicited review. JLab asked nicely if I could post a note that I liked their gadget. Oddly enough, I do like their gadget. Good 
Olevia 42 lcd. Well made. Easy to install. Good manual. Good picture. Not using the speakers so, no comment. So far, seems like a good buy  
great little mouse. I HATE wireless mice and have never been happy with most that I have tried. This compact little wired model is the one that travels with me. 
Many Happy Returns. On the way home from another long car ride, I knew I needed to share how much I love this machine! It doesn t have a battery 
Definately worth it. I agree with Max. Don t use those inferior cables that come with your DVD player. I just bought a DVD player and immediately got these Monster 
Perfect for iPod!. Alright, so as you may have guessed, the sound quality on this sucker ain t great. But that s besides the point. The USB 2.0 hub-iness of 
Great Gaming Mouse. This mouse has turned out to be one of the best that I have used! The 3 side buttons are better than the 518 logitech that I 
great hdtv, especially for gaming. I was looking for a good hdtv for my apartment bedroom, specifically to be used with my PS3. I looked at a few samsungs, but 
A Must-Have. This is a must-have little bit of kit. I run Cubase 4 on an iMac. I prefer to use a firewire audio interface and the Sonnet FAD-824 allows 
Good Sound, Poor Design. I also have a pair of Sony earphones for which I paid approx. 50. The Sonys cancel sound MUCH better than the Bose, but the Bose 
Amazing device!. After about a couple of years looking in the market for a digital audio player DAP I finally found everything I wanted in the Cowon D2. Part of 
very good cost benefit. Others have already done, well by the way, the leg work to explain the features of this very good TV set so I ll save you 
Vtech IA 5823 - 5.8 GHz Cordless Phone System w caller ID Call waiting. I ve had this phone for over a month now, and it works great. No problem 
Belkin Wave Rest Gel Filled Cushion Wrist Pad. The Belkin Wave Rest Gel Filled Cushion Wrist Pad is awesome & so comfortable. Everyone should have one  
Rocks!!!. I bought this Controller at Walmat for around 32.00 worth the money no lag whatsoever buy this ControllerLe  
A great flash drive even with small files. The Lexar JumpDrive Lightning 2GB flash drive has very impressive performance ratings of 160X 24MB sec sustained Read and 120X 18MB sec 
Franklin TG-450 12 Language European Translator. This unit is pretty good. It is a little bit of a pain to use the Russian because the Cyrillic writing is a little 
SporTrak carrying case is just right... Magellan s carrying case with belt clip for the SporTrak series GPS receivers is just right....not too bulky or extravagant or just a cheap 
Great construction but could be more comfortable. The Fighterstick seems to be more substantial and of higher quality than other joysticks on the market. Software installation was easy and without 
Very good, not great. I have had this TV for quite some time now, bought at another retailer. It is a good TV with many different options for inputs. It 
Great fax phone. We bought this fax because of its slim design compared to larger faxes as well as its price. We have had no problems, works flawlessly. We love 
awesome product. No troubles. no PC connection and wire gadgets simple manual type in for schedules and memo , worth its price and great nominal functionality. It more than gives 
Just what I wanted!. The best I ve seen and used. Easy to learn how to use it to find anything. Arrived quickly. Installed in my vehicle in seconds and 
A real bargain! Very Reliable. I ve had this product for over a year and use it with my Nikon D50. It has performed flawlessly in less than perfect environments, 
Good Radio. Good Radio for the price, my only complaint is that the stations wander, and I have to reajust to keep the station clear. This is to be expected 
Fun & reseaech. I love my new Samsung 225BW ,22in. wide screen monitor.Its so EZ to research and see so nice and bug.I play POGO games and its great.The price 
above average, great price. Just what I wanted, price was good. This is for my spare DVD playersgoing to Generic TV s, that I wanted a good picture from the 
Awesome Keyboard. I have owned MANY keyboards, I usually stick with a design and only buy that kind once I get used to it. This keyboard was recommended because of 
An excellent piece of technology. Over the course of the last 6 years I ve had a number of USB drives. Iomega, Corsair, Apacer, PNY and SanDisk. I ve upgraded 
Delphi SA10102 SKYFi2 Vehicle Adapter Kit. I ve been using this for a few months, and am very happy with it. The kit is easy to use, easy to route, 
THE BEST DVD MEDIA!. I have had a long experience with the movie making and DVD burning. The best media manufacturer in the industry, hands down, is Taiyo Yuden. Whether 
The Forerunner 101 is fantastic!. The Forerunner 101 is easy to use. It may not have as many bells and whistles as some of the other models, but it does 
Excellent value. This is a terrific shredder. I tried several others in the same price range. All were extremely noisy and quickly failed despite my religiously following all instructions, never 
Memory with good compatibility. Used the kingston memorys upgrading different computers: dell, compaq hp, or homemade brand, all running smoothly without problem, also no conflict with any other old 2700 
You have to pay this much just to get a reliable alarm clock, which this one is. How good an alarm clock is basically comes down to this: When you 
Good for the price. No dead pixels, good product for the price. Nice upgrade from my Dell 19 CRT. Very bright display.The analog connection works better with my EVGA Nvidia 
Excellent, just one complaint... This is a great little system, especially for the price. My one complaint, as a lefty, is that NONE of the preconfigured kits are left-handed. That 
Finally, a large screen portable that ISN T 16:9!. I have been dissapointed by TWO portable units so far... a Coby 3.5 inch I bought at Suncoast, the screen is 
Just like a real photograph. I use this paper with an Epson Photo 960 using the &quot;Premium glossy Photo Paper&quot; option. It prints photos as nice as any Ive seen 
Most needed laptop accessory. Upon buying my notebook computer, I immediately purchased this mouse. The touch pad on the laptop is sufficient for basic navigation, but for heavy use, especially 
Large LCD Plasma Wall Mount. EasyMount s EZLCDP-02 was easy to install and provides a great value for the dollar spent. My 50 plasma is securely attached to the wall 
very decent hard-drive based mp3 player. I love this mp3 player. It died on me after a year and 3 months, though. I feel that it is my fault because 
A Gamers Dream Come True. A year ago if you wanted to buy a LCD for gaming you had to make some difficult choices. The three attributes that gamers look 
Great unit!. This unit is my 2ed UPS made by APC. I out grew the other and decided on this unit. The USB connection is what sold me on this 
Excellent Turntable. This is a heavy duty turntable that sounds great! I m very happy with the quality and how nice my records sound from this turntable. I would definitely 
PERFECT. REALLY GOOD, WITH GOOD & SHARP IMAGE. VERY SATISFIED. VERY FAST SHIPPING. THANK YOU.  
Works great. The card works great in my camera. What more is there to say  
Great functionality for an affordable price. I really enjoy my SpaceNavigator. I was looking for an enexpensive 3D motion controller for simple design work at home, and what I needed 
Just what I was looking for!!!. Found this product after Alltel & RadioShack told me no such adapter was available! Bought it for use with my new Razr v3m - 
Great Product. I bought this for my son s XBox360 live, because it is one of the recommened wired routers to use with Xbox Live. It was easy to set 
Works perfectly for audio. Having used this cable and my MacBook to DJay for parties, I ll say that the sound quality is excellent. The RCA connectors are very solid, 
A Must Buy, Literally. If you are going to buy a Pioneer Inno and you want to listen to it in your car you are going to have to buy 
Refresca de Verdad. Tengo un Samsung IDE de 120 GB y se calentaba mucho. La temperatura ambiental promedio es de 30 grados cent?grados as? que el Disco Duro estaba muy 
good option for the money. clear sound, no problems with installation, very satisfied with it.I don t have too much sound quality requirements, but the sound is very clear  
Wow!. I bought this because the original stand on my 19 samsung SyncMaster 191t broke.It was very easy to assemble took me maybe 4 minutes and it s a very 
Tight, powerful bass. First, the price and service from OneCall cannot be beat. Circuit City has this cube for 350; from OneCall: 240 with shipping and delivery was in 3 
Cisco Aironet 1231 Access Point is the BEST!!. This access point does require a little bit of know how . In fact, there are technical classes you can take on 
Has anyone ever wondered... why TI doesn t slap a high-res color LCD and large flash memory on these things? Maybe make them half the thickness and weight. What, would 
Good for the price. it s not the greatest quality picture, but i moved my computer to a more central location and needed a flat monitor in order to push 
THE BEST. This is, without a doubt, the best remote control extender I ve ever used. I have used three before this one. I have the X-10 Powermid in my 
LaCie HDD lives up to it s reputation: when it works, it works well; when it doesn t, it s garbage. I have a 250 GB HDD of the same 
AWESOME Receiver. I had a Yamaha HTR 5250 for about three years now and it died on me. It was my first and last, I expect a receiver to last 
1 GB Secure. Working perfect, amazing the amount of space in pictures you can have!!Great product, more than enoug  
Solid Hard Drive. Excellent hard drive, went in smoothly and I was up and running in 10 minutes. Beats the doors off the Maxtor that was in there before  
Great buy!. Excellent product, especially for it s money. There s no need to purchase the Apple charger, this is actually a better product - it lets you know using 
Wrist Support That Won t Wiggle, Complain, or Leave You. The Fellowes Gel Wrist Rest is very comfortable, and I award it five stars because it provides the best wrist 
great. Its cheaper than the usual, interms of shipping and cost of each item.great buy.  
Ended my random shutdown misery. I replaced my 1GB and 512MB Corsair Value Ram sticks with these Crucial 1GB sticks in my HP ZD7188cl notebook.With my previous RAM, my system 
Need a cd dvd shelf? This is it !. Bought one of these a year ago. I ve run out of space,so I m placing an order for another. Easy 
Brother Toner T580. This product is ideal for bulk printing jobs on the Brother 5250DN  
Almost a must, if you use the battery grip. I wouldn t be without this. When I first bought the 20d it was my first digital SLR and I spent 
Recommended. I ve had this for two years. Using with Winamp, ATI Multimedia Center TV tuner software , and other media players on Windows XP. The software can be cumbersome 
Does the job. Unlike other reviewers, I have never had a problem using this card and it has worked fine for me. The only thing I did have to do 
HP 15. I received my order within a couple of days. It was not a remanufactured cartridge, which is what you get when you buy from some of these ink 
Good for the price. This system has everything you need for a beginner home theater system. Easy to set up and has a good sound. Not to crazy about the 
GREAT TV FOR THE PRICE. This is a GREAT TV for the price. The pictures on amazon dont do it justice, they show a grey border, but it is actually 
Is very quiet and keeps system cool. The fan has performed as expected. It keeps the system cool  
This really works!. We tried a cool mist type, but not only did it chill the room but it didn t do anything for our son s cold. We finally 
Went Ape over this Ape Case. I have looked at many different combination digital camera cases on the market and this one wins Hands Down! It securely holds paperwork, passports, 
works for me. I just took over 500 pictures with this camera while I was on a trip to Europe. I learned a lot about it in the process. It 
Works great!. I really like Olympus digital voice recorders. I used to own a Sony, however, it broke on me and I don t know why. I wasn t rough 
Fellowes CD Labels. I have always used Fellowes cd labels. I found the program and labels very easy to use.  
Great feel, one prob. I love the feel of this gamepad...after trying several others this is the best. The wireless works ok, i was 20 feet away and it was 
Certainly helped my situation. The the windows in the room where my stereo is located face south and east. The antenna needs to face north and west. This is essentially 
Easy and excellent with the right expectations. First, a clarification about one of the listed features. It s noted that the unit will stop recording after 5 seconds of silence 
Easy to use. The most important thing I was looking for in a label was ease of use and this product is great. I am a heavy user and the 
Very reliable, but not very well made. After having two SanDisk card readers, and one LaCie card reader die on me, I invested in this Lexar card reader. For the 
Presenter. This product is simple to use and has all of the functionality I need while presenting  
Product good, getting tech help time consuming. This all-in-one product is good. Easy to install. However I did need some helptwice. Calling help line was intensely time consuming because first 
Works just like it looks. This is a great product. I didn t want to mess with the vent clips or with adhesives, etc. Cars today come with so many 
Things to consider if you re getting a 2GB card. I purchased the 2GB Elite Pro SD card but found out that my older SimpleTech FlashLink card reader is not 
Great product for Nintendo Gamecube. I ve noticed a definite imnprovement in video quality with my Nintendo Gamecube. Only problem is the a v leads are too short. The inputs 
Henry Kloss s Model T Tivoli Is a Winner. My wife loves to listen to her favorite FM music station while having her morning breakfast. The previous radio we had 
The ultimate karaoke machine!. I bought this a few weeks ago for my daughter s 7th birthday. I was a bit nervous about the sound video quality...but it is MUCH 
I m Surprised!. I m surprised at how comfortable, lightweight and well put together these headphones are. They put out a decent frequency response and aren t harsh at all. 
EasyMount is Excellent. I have a 50 Panasonic plasma TV. When I called Panasonic, they recommended the EasyMount. It was easy and logical to install and has been an excellent 
No Problems Here. I have had this CF card for nearly a year A year ago, it cost nearly 300--boy those CF memory prices have dropped! and it has worked 
Easy to use. Don t like the Belkin WiFi utility as much as Windows but it is easy to disable. Works great  
Works for me. I bought this because it was the cheapest USB2 expansion card I could find, and I ve had no problems with my use of it. I ve 
Very Good Stereo Receiver. This receiver works well with other componets such as a CD player and TV. I have them both hooked up and everything works well together. The 
This is a great product, plug it in and it works. I just got this product today, I took it out of the box, shutdown my laptop IBM T40 WIN 
MUST HAVE. We are obsessed with our satellite radio. We now have two and have bought them as gifts for people. We live in a town where there are only 
Good tool for any cook. This tool works remarkably well and is quite safe if used as directed. It is a little hard to adjust for old arthritic fingers, but 
Good Receiver but Zone 2 Falls Short. Agree with the previous post about the deficiencies of Zone 2. To only accept analog inputs is just ridiculous. I fumbled around for 
Love the boombox. We love this boombox. The sound is great and it has all the features we were looking for  
few installation hiccups, overall great case. I just built a Core Duo computer using this case, and I m very satisfied with the results. The case is beautiful from the 
Great for the money. First the good.The feedback is strong and prescise. Very smooth steering and it will immerse you into the game. NFS Most Wanted and GTR 2 are 
Monster Remote AV100. Overall I m very satisfied with the remote capabilities, and relative ease in setup.The remote is used to control a plasma monitor, AV Receiver, digital HD cable 
Cables To Go 25FT COMPONENT VIDEO Cable. An awesome price on a great component video cable. Seems ridiculous what you might pay in a local store for the same thing. 
This is a great tablet!. I needed this tablet because my daughter was doing some overseas tutoring and this was a requirement. However after reading some of the reviews on 
Very Happy!!!. This was a present for my Daughter.My Daughter loves her Microsystem. She wanted a thin wall hanging stereo and it worked great for her  
Good sound and easy to use. I bought the Edirol for a quick and easy way to reocrd rehearsals and gigs. I m a jazz musician and educator at a 
Great little product, great little price. This card reader is perfect. It s completely plug and play, no installation is required. It couldn t be easier to use, and the 
Brother 7020 laser all-in-one. Easy to install, produces very good copies, allows toner saver setting and prints rapidly. I could not be more pleased especially after having major software problems 
Polk XRt12 Hi end XM tech. Worth the price. Excellent unit. Features serve XM well  
Works Great.. lots of frequencies. This device works great. It is very small, has lots of frequencies to choose from important if you live in a big city with powerful 
Best TV ever!. I bought mine right before Christmas and it has been working great! The picture is really clear and smooth. I ve been really happy with mine. I 
Extended life for my Palm Vx. This device is great for allowing my palmvx to be used via USB. Only downside is the style of the cable: metallic steel wire 
This was a excellent Value. When I purchased this cartridge the Amazon price was 32.00 ithas now gone up to 52.00 which is more than even Sam s Club.Itwas a 
Best investment, ever. This has been the best investment I ve made for quite some time. After experiencing the black out after the earthquake that hit Hawaii last year and 
Excellent Product. Perfect for laptops. Don t need a seperate card reader anymore. Just plug and play  
thank you monster cable. I ll never forget the day I gave the order to throw away every single radio shack cable in the house  
Great Stereo. I bought this stereo for my daughter s 9th birthday. It s a great system with really good sound for the size. It is easy use and is 
Sandisk Extreme USB 2.0 Reader is VERY FAST. I needed a faster reader to get large amounts of large pictures off large compactflash CF cards that I use in my 
Great Product. This Seagate 6 GB Pocket Drive is working great for me. I love the compactness of it and the ease of use - just drag and drop. There 
VERY PLEASED. ARRIVED IN PERFECT SHAPE AND ON TIME AND THE DELIVERY MAN WAS POLITE AND REMOVED THE SHIPPING MATERIAL  
AWSOME UNIT!!! Garmin 670. I bought the unit as a replacement for a unit that was stolen. All I can say is that it s AWSOME. The menus are intuitive, 
Great sound quality for the price. I ve had this system for about a week now and it sounds pretty good. I m very impressed with the sound quality for 
Slick, long life, but buy three cause you ll destroy the first one. Title says it all. I put them on my X51V a year or so ago and it 
Pretty.. Huge. This TV is huge. I was originally planning on purchasing a 50-55 inch TV at the 2K price range. There is a lot of value in this TV.HDTV 
NORTHWESTERN BELL Big Button Plus 20200 Corded Telephone. Product was exactly as specified. Shipping was prompt. Very satisfied  
Simplicity Great Sound = I Love It!. Several years ago I inherited a KLH 21--the inspiration for Henry Kloss current Tivoli Model One. It is among my most cherished possessions, 
Excellent Price. I found this swivel mount bracket at Amazon for halfthe price of anywhere else I looked. Quality product,quality service, fast shipment. Always check Amazonwhen shopping  
What a great item!. Worked exactly like it should! And the amount of aggravation it saves while running Garageband is immeasurable. Thank you M-Audio  
Good MP3 for the price. This mp3 player is great but when you change the batt. it lose what was on the player. Its a great player though  
Works for me. It s simple & easy to use. I bought this b c I wanted to spend less than 50 on a FM Transmitter & I wanted a 
It serves the purpose well. POSITIVES:-Slick design and looks good mounted on the wall.-Plays MP3 songs burned on a CD-Good sound & loud enough not for parties -It serves the 
Great product. I ve had this product for a year now. It s been to iraq twice and taken a beating and it works great. It s a little outdated 
Great Product. I was looking to upgrade my Router, and was reading reviews online, i found review of this router at Amazon, and i am so happy with my decision 
Quality Product & Ease of Use. After losing a computer to a power surge, I purchased the APC BE500R Back-UPS for my new computer. I am runninig a 3.2Ghz Tower 
Great phone, easy to use and expands with more handsets. No complaints. The phone works great and feels like a quality piece. We have used ours for almost a year 
Flawless. I ve burned probably about 200 of these and have never had any issues with a single one. I also have never personally seen a DVD player that wouldn 
Works well. I have this product and find it works well. I don t have the external antenna the previous reviewer commented on this so it isn t a problem. 
Excellent. I ve had it for over a month now and it works as well as I expected it to work. I was expecting random quirks here and there as 
Great little mic stand. This is perfect if you want a little, convenient, easy to carry mic stand always available for use. Everyone knows that holding a mic while its 
Great on my vacation!. I used the shoulder pack for the first time when I went on a cruise. It came in handy for all parts of the trip. Whether 
Perfect Accessory. Excellent cable - eliminates poor connections by having converters. Using it as cable between my computer and my stereo  
one of james bonds gadgets for the real world. hey one of james bonds coolest gadgets for the real world , this tool is great , the first time i 
Bad Vista info. I bought the LiDE 70 to replace an older scanner that would not work with the new Vista operating system. When I opened the box there was 
Holds up to the kids. This is a great little player. Sturdy. Price is right. They get constant use at our house  
Better than an Airport Card. I installed this in a 500mhz PISMO Mac laptop.Despite the company line, this card works straight out of the box with MacOs X 10.4.7 and 
Headphone heaven. For the money, these headphones are fantastic. strong bass, high highes, and a richness you would expect to pay twice as much for.  
No problems. I ve owned this player since June of 2006 and haven t experienced any of the problems other users have discussed here. I m a musician and a 
CD not for Vista. CD that comes with printer as of about March 2007 does not work for VISTA. Need to download new install program. Automatic program works well  
Very nice CPU cooler. When I first got it in the mail - I was surprised. This thing is huge but very compatible as it is tall and wide. What 
Works very well with PPT on OS X, one small complaint. I got the item and plugged it in and it worked right away. I followed the advice from other 
Keyspan Presentation Tool. I am a very avid technology user and science teacher. My students are involved with many professional presentations and I am a lead teacher and mentor for 
Good service for a year so far. I love this printer. No problems except the expense of the ink. I have had not a single problem or failure with any 
good option for the money. clear sound, no problems with installation, very satisfied with it.I don t have too much sound quality requirements, but the sound is very clear  
works pretty well for what I need it for. I had an old Palm m100 for the longest time and used it as an electronic replacement for a paper organizer. 
Good headset. Although it is not the most comfortable headset, it is not too uncomfortable. My only complaint is that the ear pieces are a bit small; others may not 
Good buy. I got this speaker to extend my music playing to my pool deck area. The setup was straightforward, the quality is nice, and the distance covers my entire 
Well Satisfied. Excellent product. All my VCRs are dying of old age. I am converting my home library to DVD with very good results. Once you figure our ULEAD and 
Terrific product for home networking. I bought this so that I could play Xbox Live on my Xbox 360 in the basement of my house as my cable modem and 
This Radio is sooooo Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. To Start: I m a 27 year old guy who was looking for a stylish radio alarm clock to hook my I pod up to 
Well worth it. I have been using a Minolta S414 digital camera. The batteries that came with it were only 1600 mAmps. I never got through an entire ballgame without 
Brought my skippy CD player back to life. This product really does make a difference. I had an older CD player that was doing a lot of skipping, and sometimes 
Excellent CD-RW. It is an excellent product, easy to install, really powerful, the only minus is the burner software, if you have or you can purchase Nero or CDRWin then 
Great Phone. This phone has been doing great for me so far. Plenty of battery life! This phone only has 10 programmable number space which is not alot these days. 
wooooooow. one of the most gratest memories, but the nigative point is the cover box ,since it is very cheap one,so it is not safe cover and easy to break 
Quietest fan I ve ever owned. The manual speed adjustment is a great feature for those of us that do not overclock therefore do not need alot of air and 
Best notebook bag ever. I ve owned many notebook computers through the years, but never found a bag that was lightweight, well made, useful, and protected the computer adequately. When 
Nice streamlined speakers. I love the look of these speakers with my HPL1706 monitor. They are good for general sound but not so great for music. They sound a little 
Great addition to GPS. The maps are good enough for navigation of streets and outdoor adventures. It allows downloading tracks and waypoints from the GPS, editing them and saving to 
works as described. Works well and as described. No color switching required for the cables when used with iPod many other similar products do with a similar price range . 
Great alternative to captive accessories; more flexible. I ll never buy a branded power adapter from the laptop original manufacturer anymore. I like having an extra plug - one to 
Great gift for an artist.. Any artist looking for a way to incorporate thier art into computers will love this tablet. It isn t too expensive and offers enough to 
Epson Stylus C88 . So far, I have been very pleased with the quality of the prints. Colors seem vivid and true  
Cool gadget !. I used to get pulled over quite frequently and spent a ton of money just to pay those pesky speeding tickets, but since a friend of mine 
Great guitar !!!!!!!!!. Great guitar for the money, good color,good sound and the amp.........15 watt..... AWESOME!!  
Review of AT&T E2116 Cordless Phone. The best thing about this phone is the speaker button. When I make a call and get put on hold for the next available 
I only paid 20 dollars suckers. I only paid 20 for mine suckers through the delpi store, pretty good unit for 20 dollars. That is a testament for waiting a 
Easy on the wrist. I started having periods of numbness in my right wrist as a result of computer use. It was easy to figure out that the wooden wrist 
A very good price for a excellent HDTV. OK, im a 13 year old guy and have been saving my allowance for over 6 months due to all the new 
The bright light is bliss. This product is solid. Easy setup, solid construction, GREAT instructions, and COOL as in cool to the touch, it s kewl too. I ve spent 
Great deal!. Cable works great! Don t waste your on the more expensive options  
Very good mouse. The Razer Copperhead is a very nice mouse.It is Laser, has 2000 DPI which makes moving long distances quick, easy, and accurate It looks pretty cool too, 
Great tape. I laughed, I cried, these labels became a part of me. If you buy only one pack of shipping labels this years, this is the pack to buy!! 
Baby this baby. This is an excellent machine. I bought two of them. There are a few things you need to do. I have had 100 satisfaction using FujiFilm DVD-R 
An excellent monitor. I purchased this monitor recently and i am really impressed with it. I have a laptop at home and i connected this monitor as an external display. 
Great help for the money. I love my Magellan RoadMate 2000. It is certainly worth the nominal cost to have the assurance of finding my way through unfamiliar areas of 
Great drive so far. I just purchased this item two days ago Thurs. Today Sat. I removed my 160GB Seagate HHD from my Kingwin enclosure and installed it in this 
Great product. I found this product to be useful and i was pleasantly surprised. i needed a component switcher for some time and this one does the job very well 
Great addition to your laptop workspace. If, like me and a growing percentage of the computing populace, you use your laptop as your main computing environment, I recommend you add 
Outstanding Product. If you bought an HDTV like I did and didn t think buy one that had HDMI ports for the HD satellite cable and HD DVD player, then 
Great little item. I got this item about a month ago and I absolutely love it.Great picture, great sound, could have a nicer carrying caseto come with it.I do not 
I don t hear a difference but these things are well built!. My system always sounded great and used to use RadioShack s gold cable s. I got these cause 
Samsung 42 TV. The TV is really nice. It works easily. I have it hooked up to a cable network. My friend also bought one about a week earlier and 
Fast and convenient. I had been looking for an external enclosure to save a big, fast hard drive out of an old computer to use for backing up large media 
Perfect. Fits my my 7in Polaroid Portable DVD Player perfectly! Although you can keep maybe one DVD in the pocket and its hard to manuever the cord in the case, 
Forget all those cables. I bought this card reader to use with my SD memory cards from my digital camera and Palm Tungsten E2. Transferring pictures and music via the 
Slow delivery-. Why does it take two weekd for such a simple order to be processed? [delivered  
Really, really good headset! Thats putting it mildly. Having owned many different brands makes of headsets you can do everything but avoid realizing that these are truly a bargain at 
GREAT GREAT GREAT. this is the coolest alarm clock in the world it is sooooooo cute and ive had it for like 4 years and i love it and im 
Great Product But.... I primarily run outside and this is a great product for that. It stays on my arm and I have no problem accessing the wheel. There are 
Outstanding Flashlight. I picked up one at a local drug store rhymes with smallgreens for only fifteen bucks. Works way better than I expected. I wound it for one minute 
High quality DVD RWs. These spindles are media code MKM-A02 manufactured by Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation Verbatim s parent company in Taiwan.Discs work flawlessly, though I stupidly didn t realize my 
Great Product. This originally struck my eye as a nostalgist piece of electronic furniture. From its retro-era looking speaker covers right down to its mind blowing performance, this stereo is 
Very easy to set up. The instructions are clear and setting it up straight-forward. I was a bit apprehensive about doing it myself since everywhere else wanted ~ 150-200 for 
Great mouse!. Just got this mouse a few days ago. Installed as directed, putting in software first although it would still work without the software, but can t adjust the 
Speaker sound need improvement!!!. Every thing is good but the speaker sound is not clear it needs improvement, specially for people english as a 2nd languge it is not easy 
greatly pleased. Just purchased earbuds at target. Excellent sound quality, expected that much due to a previous of full headphones. Even better once you find the right adjustable tip to 
Almost the Best Solution....... After repeated problems with another brand of Firewire external enclosure, we purchased 3 three of the Macally PHR-100AF enclosures for 2 two each 200GB and 1 
Good buy. I can t wear the ear-bud type headphones and the individual ear-hook type get too tangled. These stay on and sound great and they aren t huge. My 
Good design. Works well, especially for anyone who still has their old console systems in use. I have my NES and SNES, both of which have huge AC adapters, plugged 
Great upgrade. Current Setup:Mac OX 10.4.9, G4 Dual 1.25, Photoshop CS2, printing primarily on HP Advanced Photo Glossy paper, Ilford Gallerie Smooth Pearl paper [Download the profile directly from Ilford]Previous 
great way to keep your Digimemo safe. This is a well made portfolio that perfectly fits the Digimemo and keeps it safe  
Fine Product. For the price these are excellent. I bought them particularly for use when travelling on aircraft and as soon as you turn them on the background sound pretty 
Love it!. I bought this part and the addition that makes it a double shelf. I have my TV on it and it s great  
Awesome sound, such a little box. Its one of my best tools! BUT.... they do not tell you about the almost required online subscription.... 80 buck a year on top 
Good enough, but ... The trackball is great and saves driving a mouse all over a busy desk. Also its better for precise control and just good ergonomics. Down side? 
Great product for the price. I m using this with my Panasonic Toughbook CF-72 in a port replicator and it works great. I have a 17 LCD on top and 
Good value memory you can get for a low price. This one was purchased for my pocket pc, have been storing files, pictures and more important, my recordings. Clearly it 
VELVET FINE ART PAPER 13X19- Excellent for Fine Art Reproductions. I bought this paper to make fine art reproductions using an Epson 4490 printer and it is just wonderful both 
Great little unit!. This is a well thought out unit, working on AC or DC. It also has different plugs for different countries. The iPod holder slides into a space 
Best Value. Have THREE!. I bought one a year ago, then bought two more this Christmas. They do exactly what my kids want: play music. They don t have some 
Wireless Labtop- The Way To Go. I just recently move from dial-up to DSL. Going DSL was not enough; I did not want to have cables running though the house 
Fuji and Olympus Leading the Pack. I received a Fuji 3800 Digital Camera, 64K Xd Memory Card and Fuji Card Reader for Christmas. The camera is excellent for someone who 
Zenith ZDS-5005 Satellite Diplexer. I needed to use one cable for Direct TV Satellite and send a signal to my wifes Television in her work room so she could view 
Best Portable Tv. I have one of this portable TV Casio EV570 ,my freind borrowed it from me and enjoy wacthing,he got one for him he enjoyed wacthing because the 
MyMac.com Product Review. Need a little crunchy roughage to enhance your breakfast cereal? Or some sparkling tinsel for holiday decorations?Could you use a nifty office accessory that guarantees a Whazzat? 
Cobra. I am very pleased with the Cobra radar detector it performs as represented and the price was excellent  
Great item, easy to use. We bought a new computer and almost had a DVD RW CD-RW drive built in, but... we heard so many stories of break downs and 
Perfect amp for a pair of speakers somewhere. First, let me begin by further defining the title of this rating. It truly is the perfect amp for a pair of 
Only used the labels... used 3rd party software. I used a third party software and it works great.Did not have to calibrate, even though they have the option.Just selected the 
Exceptional quality for the price. If you have a high resolution Mac, why let it sit unused when you can use it as a TV; HDTV at that?!?I use my 
Great Workout case. The Belkin Armand is a great case for my Inno. It fits securely on my upper arm without shifting at all during workouts, cutting the grass, etc. 
If it works for me it will work for you. I purchased this product as a method to store additional music for my MP3 player and the process of getting 
Wrist relief !!!. Having had wrist bones removed from both hands, I can t say enough about how well this trackball has helped me, both at work and at home. 
head head head phones. these headphones are the greatest buy for yourself or famil  
One tough MP3 player !. I purchased this MP3 player after reading many MP3 player reviews and decided this player offered the best value for me. This was a Christmas 
Wall mount for 22 inch LCD Television. Excelent product at a cost far below the big box stores. I had expected to sacrifice some quality but was very surpised to 
Excellent picture quality. I was very pleased with the improvement of picture quality colour and clarity over the standard playstation cable. Anyone with an S-Video input should consider making this 
Miracle product!. I ve owned a pair of these speakers for several years. I have been and continued to be amazed at the sound quality these very cheap speakers provide. 
My first time wireless. Great for XBox 360 live. I am no techie but this thing was a cinch to set up. I got it for my son to hook 
Great TV. Wonderful picture quality in HD. DVD displays well too. Standard cable signal not really much difference. Would recommend this tv to anyone. Just understand that you need HD 
Review of Roady XT case. I ve found the case durable and compact enough to carry with me from work to home each day. In addition, it has adequate enough 
excellent disk. If a disk works and gives me a clear picture and clear sound, it is all that I ask for. For the size of the disk compared to 
They work...they actually work!. After a tragic encounter with some Fellowes DVD inserts, I was a little dismayed when I had to print disc labels. Of course, the Nero Cover 
Excellent beginners tablet. I was considering purchasing a tablet and Wacom was consistantly recommended. I was originally hesitant to buy the graphire line because I didnt think it would be 
Oh sooooo bright!. Super clean, slick design, sharp....AND BRIGHT. After a few days of solid use I noticed my eyes started to hurt. I had a burning sensation in them 
Works Better Than Expected. I was nervous about purchasing a detector. I bought a couple of cheaper in-store models before that didn t work at all. But, after reading the 
Oops. Heh, when i bought this i wanted to buy 2 black ink cartriges. I recieved 2 color.... that was my fault, they work fine i just wanted them switched 
Defending the Zire 72. Defending the Zire 72 Palm handheld.I have a Zire 72, and I am convinced that it is an excellent PDA. However this particular Palm gets relatively 
Rhinoskin I-pod case works great. I really liked using the Rhinocase, because it did a good job of protecting my Ipod nano. With it s clear cover, and aluminium backing 
Great Service and Product. I ordered a Lexar Media Multi Card Reader. I didn t know there was such a thing. When it came everything worked perfect and for a 
Well made and it works. I got this adapter to connect a roof mount antenna to a Cobra Handheld CB. The Handheld has a BNC plug while the cable from 
Great Sound!. This is possibly the best 5 speaker system ever! I just got this for my 14th birthday using a 20 gift card. The sound is just like a 
Works great with my Digital Camera!. This Mini SD 2GB Card works great with my Digital Camera! I had initially bought it for my BlackBerry Pearl thinking I was getting 
I m Satisfied. I use my HIRO 2.4 ghz WiFi laser presenter in a television studio about 30 feet from the computer, located in another room. It works very well 
Great product. My 9-year-old son loves this ipod case. It clips to his belt, and opens in a way that he can leave it clipped and still see to work 
Great for my digital camera!. I ve had these batteries in my camera since the day they arrived, over a month ago. I know that I ve shot AT LEAST 
It does what it says it does, and it does it well. The Recorder 2 makes it trivially easy to get movies and TV shows onto my PSP. You pretty 
Docking station Palm TX. Reasonable price - works well. Using to charge the PalmP and to sync data with two different computers. I m using two of them without problems 
Truly Portable Word Processing!. I am a writer who hates lugging a laptop around. My Dell lasts less than 2 hours on a charge, weighs too much and can t 
Good starter guitar. Nice package for the beginning guitarist. Everything you need to start playing right out of the box. Guitar is well made and has a nice sound. Only 
Great Accessory. The kit includes the quick release adapter, a mounting bracket that secures with zip-ties to the handlebars for your bike, a mounting bracket for the Velcro wristband and 
so far so good. Item was received quickly with no hassles; seems to be working well; we ll need to see how long it lasts  
fellows 3 piece dust cover. very helpful and very hard to find in stores anymor  
the standard in low-cost but GOOD security systems. This 791 is very similar to the more common and less expensive 350 and 426 models, you are mainly paying a lot 
You Could Hang A Small Car Off This Thing... The local stores only had wall arms in silver, and I wanted black. So, off to the internet. Once again Amazon 
Worked Great. These batteries seem to work great. Of course it will be some time before I really see if they hold up to their claims  
Hmmm. Not much to review since those dastardly people at epson put microchips in these things to stop you using anything else... so objective comparison is not possible.Trying to get 
Works great. I bought this TV VCR kit along with the turntable both 20 versions. It fit together well, and was easy to put together. It does exactly what it 
Excellent. This is the best & excellent product. Every parent should give gift to their children. I give gift to my daughter. She told me that dad your gift is 
What can you say?. Use Canon ink with you Canon printer and you ll have no problems, just excellent pictures  
99 excellent. I ve had the unit in a 2005 Tucson for about a month. So farit has performed very well. Once had a static problem, which wascaused by Hi-power 
Great CDR s. What can I say... they do what they are supposed to do. Apparently Verbatim makes one of the best CDRs  
Very Good Radio. Excellent radio for its price and size. The case is a bonus  
If you need to connect a USB printer to a desktop... A 10 USB is perfect to connect your USB printer to a desktop machine - sometime you just need 
512 MG XD Picture Card. I got this card for our Olympus FE-140 Camera, which has Panaroma. Pamaroma worked perfectly. This card holds the most pictures. Would highly recommend  
a good purchase. I have bought the silicone skins, the leather cases,as well as other attempts at protecing my Ipod. This has been the case so far. In just the 
Time Saver!. I can t believe the time I save using the CS10 cordless headset. I work in a medical office and this has allowed me to become more efficient 
Bearcat BC72XLT review. Nice compact design. Clear display.Not teh easiest to program local address s in, but after taking some time to scan and find them, they are in now.A 
Great stuff at great price. We often prefer brand name product such as Sony, Toshiba, or SanDisk and pay much money with strong belief that we got a great stuff. 
Awesome. I used to have problems when i plug my usb and the U3 system take a long time to install, but if i plug the usb before i start 
I don t have this cable either. I originally wrote this as a comment below, but you won t get to read it unless you go digging, so i am 
Buy a Fellowes 1st. For the this is the best home use shredder. I tried store brand and they broke. This one is relatively quite and strong enough for all 
Nice TV. I couldn t find a better price anywhere for this TV. Was nervous about buying such a pricey item online but it was delivered perfectly. We bought it 
Amazing gadgets!! But watch out for the new version!. We got these so we could remote control our Tivo from anywhere in the house. The black Leapfrogs pictured work so 
These do amke adifference over composite. Hi, after trying component over my previous composite , the picture looked DIFFERENT! I finnally realized I had been missing out by cheaping it 
TDK is still at the top of my list. I have used TDK for years, and I have not had a single problem. I prefer Japanese CD-Rs like FujiFilm, Kodak, 
Very pleased. The product was reasonably priced, shipped quickly, and of high quality. I would buy from this vendor again  
Ideal for the road warrior. In my never-ending search for smaller and lighter travelling accessories, I have tried many power strips. This is absolutely perfect for my purposes!I have not 
Targus Laptop Backpack. Good product. Could be better organized. The pockets need more closures or zippers  
A Learning Experience. I think the instruction manual could be a little clearer. I thought it was broken, but my daughter showed me that it won t play if it 
Very good. I bought this case locally and I must say this is the best one I ve had in a long time. Not much to it. Just put in 
It is good for what is is, but not brilliant. We had the CD books inserted behind the CD, which makes it very bulky, but contain more. Better to use 
tomtom one. item delivering performance as promised. easy and intuitive interface.only problem is that it is not as compatible with a mac computer aspromised. had to use a friends PC 
Everything went wrong but they made it right. I ordered the SimpleTech 1GB CF for my Canon Digital Rebel XT because the price was great and because I had read 
Would Give it 4 1 2 Stars If I Could. I purchased this for use with my trusty Treo 650 smartphone, before a plane rental car trip. We have been 
Just the Thing. This little scale is just the thing I need. It s perfect and as accurate as I need it to be  
Really GooD!. This is the best mic! It is a good shape, easy to use, simple, small, good quality and perfect for any home mic use! I LOVE mine  
Great portable XM radio and MP3 player. What I really like about the INNO is that it s like a DVR for audio!! You can set up a schedule to 
Great Radio-Great Price-Outstanding Gift !. My daughter gave me a 50 dollar gift slip for Eddie Bauers this past Christmas. During the Holidays I went to the mall with my 
BEWARE! NO WARRANTY ON THIS PRODUCT!. Alpine DOES NOT sell through Amazon. I recommend you go to Alpine s website and VERIFY the person selling is an authorized dealer. Be 
Information about lead, and the lack thereof in this product. Just a brief little bit of information for those concerned like I was, this product does NOT contain lead in 
Good price. This bench was way less expensive at Amazon.Price to quality ratio excellent. Would recommend for anyone who simply needs a bench  
The better rechargeable batteries. The better rechargeable batteries in the market.I think Sanyo could improve or increase charge capacity in this batteries line  
good but not great. I bought these after reading reviews .I don t think they sound as good as some said they did.However I am satisfied with them for what 
Very Useful - Works Great. I have a back problem that necessitates that I stand up fairly often, since my back can be painful if I sit too long. This 
Yes, this cable works with the TI-86 calculator in WIndows XP!!. I saw the previous post regarding a customer who stated he had no problem using this cable with his 
Best 80 I ever spent on portable electronics. I got one of these a few years ago. It s been to several countries, on camping trips, bicycle trips, subways, etc 
Great Buy!. I have nothing but good things to say about my TV purchase. Approximately a month ago I purchased the Samsung LNS4051D 40 inch TV at very low price. 
Good little unit. First, let me tell you what the unit isn t.It is not a several thousand dollar BOSE surround system.It is not a several hundred dollar CD system.If 
GREAT BUDS!!. They stay put no matter what I m doing. I bought the black for my son & the white for my daughter & myself. Definitely worth it!!! I 
IPOD charger. This performs better than the unit offered at the Apple store at about 20 of the cost! Plus it has an indicator light and the folding plug is 
Worked for Me. I love this adapter because it lets me use my Shuffle in my iPod speaker dock and with my FM Transmitter in my car.In both cases, it 
Missing parts. The box arrived with several parts missing. A call to Sanus resulted in the missing parts being sent via 2 day. Great Customer Service  
Great Bang for the Buck!. I installed this unit on my HP AMD 64 X2 with a 19-inch LCD monitor. Installation was very straightforward, with no problems experienced. The unit 
Wow! How did they do it?!. I was shocked at how small this MP3 player was when I openened the box. I feared that it was TOO small to do 
Even better than anticipated. Where to start? OK. How about the beginning. Although this is technically my first HDTV with a hi-def source, I m not new to the pursuit 
great card good price. After having great experience with the 1GB extreme III card, I ordered the 2GB just before I went on a short vacation. I love the speed 
Computer to TV cables. i got a zip linq audio and s-video cable and they both came in the mail pretty quickly and i am satisfied with both product  
5 stars JUST FOR THE PRODUCT!. I absolutely love this humidifier......but you can get it at Target for only 29.99 and that isn t a sale price....PLUS no shipping. I 
The Good: Nice stands - The Bad: sock it to ya shipping charges. The stands are fine. I mounted some Cambridge Soundworks surround speakers on the stands with no problems. 
Excellent Sound Quality for Portable But.... Pros:Very good balanced sound quality. Noticably better than my old Sony Street styles that were not much cheaper than these. These are the best 
Speed. This card is not too fast but good enough for my camera... Well that means nothing to me, I don t have your camera and I could buy it 
GREAT FOR THE PRICE. Handy, reliable--just as good as the more expensive Sport models. Recommended  
Why give 1 star because you order the wrong item. It kills me how someone can write a negative review for something when it was their stupidity that caused them 
Works great. It works great. Here s a tip if you are using a Linksys WRT54G wireless router: disable UPnP and you will not have a problem connecting to your 
Much better than any other I ve tried. I prefer the over the ear design and have tried way too many pairs with much dissappointment. This is why I like 
Brother 8860 Printer. This printer produces quality printing and copies. It was very easy to set up. From the box to set up took less than 10 minutes. The duplexing 
Hairdryer mode, revisited. amazon won t let me take away stars, but I m calling this one a dud. Even with the firmware update the fan s howl-mode is just 
Fairly easy setup works great. After my Linksys router was obviously dying dropping connections constantly needing to be reset to access Xbox live I knew it was time for a 
Some Additional Information. I purchased the T10 a month or so ago and am quite impressed. First, and most importantly, the sound is exceptional. I listened to a highly touted 
Right size. I was so glad to run across this product. I always have such trouble when I travel connecting all of my devices in hotel rooms. I can easy 
Awesome little thing!. Somehow, I really really like this mp3 player. I like SONY audio in general and they have done a great job at this one too. I have 
Great camera. Used this camera in a carport for security and am very happy with it s performance. Opted for the hard wire since the camera is to far away 
Does what is expected of it. Works per specifications. The actual user interface in regards to getting all networked machines to work could be improved ... but that s a 
intel lan card. many config opts, easy to install, good price and reliable product. i have my appraisal office configured completely cat6; with all workstations using the intel pro 1000 
Excellent monitor. This is an excellent wide-screen monitor, with the best resolution being 1920 x 1200, and a fantastic gaming monitor. With a video card capable of supporting such resolutions, 
After 2 weeks microphne failed. As headphones they work fine but the microphone falls off repeatedly and this appears to be the result of a bad design. After the 10th 
Pretty Cool. I ve had this camera for about 3 months now. Use it to check in on my pets when I travel. It does lock up once in a 
Great bargain. I had bought a lexar professional 512 when the digital rebal first came out at a whopping 230. It has a write speed of 40x. I needed to 
How to get the G810 firmware loaded. I too bought this device hoping to configure it as a bridge, but with the firmware loaded it wouldnt work. After hearing the 
Get your thinking cap on. I purchased the Sony STR-DG500 6.1 receiver as a replacement for a 9 year old Sony STR-DE425 5.1.Considerations before purchase: Users should refer to the 
Excellent BUY. AAA ..The product was sealed and original SONY . Working well..capturing my small baby s shooting on it :-  
Pretty Good!. I just received my sketch pad - mainly for the use of playing Isketch isketch.net - but I tried it out in my PSP program, and it works 
CardScan Personal Edition works fairly well. Overall, this product has made life easier although it is not perfect. I like how the product sychronizes with Outlook. It also has some 
It s all about the lighting. I ve had a number of universal remotes over the years and each has had pluses and minuses to offer. The monster remote is 
Nice Product. This product is very easy to use, but the thing I don t like is that it can be somewhat messy when you are taking out the old 
Monster Cable Minijack to RCA. This is a great product and has been very helpful. While the price is a little higher than what I would like to see, I 
great mouse pad. this is the BEST mouse pad ever, the mice feels like its hovering over the mouse pad  
It is a fine product. I needed a printer that can do fax and make copy in the office, so I picked this one in a rush thinking All-in-One should 
reduced from 5 to 2 stars but Amazon will not allow me to edit. I have had no emphasis NO software or hardware problems with my unit. I have owned 
Good sound. The speakers produce sound quality that is more than adequate for their design. They are an excellent choice for a person looking for quality on a limited budget 
Decent product. I like the fact that you could change the fan speed. With 2 available rpm to choose from, I can use low for browsing and high for gaming 
Worth every penny. This cooler is the perfect way to keep your system quiet. I have a AMD FX2 CPU and I ve had six different coolers fans to try 
Power Sentry. Great product for computer owners with a lot of attached peripherals. I have bought 2 of them and have found them to be invaluable  
its good. This dvd player is value for money and it works perfectly fine for m  
MX51 gives 151 - terrific sound!. My iRiver last year came with headphones like these. I loved them!Then the cord got cut. Called iRiver; they no longer have such, but 
Buy if you have a loved one overseas. I bought this webcam to talk to my boyfriend who is in Iraq. The resolution is much better than other webcams 2.0 
Excellent product for the . Have wanted to purchase a pair of wireless headphones for quite sometime but when I saw these on sale for the price, it was hard 
A great first GPS. If you have ever rented a car from Hertz with neverlost, you already know how to use this GPS. I found it very simple to use, 
Portable, easy to use. I purchased this so I could print photos while traveling. It has met my needs 100 . It s easy to use, the print quality is 
Great card, but slow write speed. I ve been using this card with my Canon S400 for the past 9 months and am very pleased with it. However, about a 
Great little adapter. Well, after problems getting the item from a 3rd party Amazon Partner, it is finally in my hands. So far, I have had none of the problems 
Vista compatible!. My new machine at home has Microsoft s Vista Home Premium operating system and I have had terrible luck with compatibility issues involving software and hardware. This worked 
Love satellite radio. I got this for hubby and me over the summer. We used it for our trip to Rehoboth beach and we loved every minute of it. WE 
Cool invention. I bought this laptop to cool my lap.Quite literally. I had recently purchased a chair lap top laptop holder, and it was making my legs and my laptop 
Great Service. The product was received in perfect condition and is what I was looking for  
I don t think you ll be sorry with this one. This phone works much better than others we ve had. I highly recommend it, especially for the price  
Sandisk 512 MB Secure Digital Ultra II. I can only say positive things about this memory card. It does a fabulous job for my 7.1 mega-pixel digital camera. Anyone who 
Most Impressive. The Garmin Forerunner 305 is one very impressive product. I have used it on several of my marathon training runs. This has totally enhanced my monitoring and logging 
maxwell dvd cases. Great item extremely fast shipping. I am very happy with the product and will order from them again.  
Samsung LNS4096D 40 1080p LCD HDTV. Great TV. Ordered on a Thursday afternoon, UPS driver called the house early Monday morning to let us know that TV was on the 
Great design, great sound, great price. I spent almost all of my time with these speakers at the Apple Store during my first ever visit to the place!I echo the 
These Are Very Handy - Very Practical!. These are simply envelopes for your cds and dvds. Can t say anything else about them - except this - I noticed when 
Lexar Compact Flash Reader. Outstanding little product. Good human interface. Able to use it immediately and much faster than cameral software  
Good case over all but....... Very nice bag, looks great. The HP logo along with the selection of colors work well with each other. The nylon material is very neat, 
This is one fine control center. I m technically average. This is my second Onkyo receiver. The first one was incredible for nine years and still working great and the 
Great product. It is a nice product. It has elegance, small size, Plug and Play. I use it on Mac and PC without a problem  
AWESOME GADGET!. I love my new toy! I bought it to replace a big clunky DVD player. I m on-call at my job, so I sometimes have 20 minutes of 
Good mouse for the price. I have been using this mouse at work since it came out. After many miles of use, the scroll wheel has finally started to fail. 
Ehh, not bad. As you have read other reviews, the earphones could be better, sometimes you will hear music out of both, sometimes one or the other. The only issue 
Great, Soft and Practical. I purchased this for my special needs son who is 4 and needed a case for his cd player. It is very lightweight and soft and 
The fastest wireless router I ve worked with. I have used a large number of routers and this is by far the fastest one I have ever used. I have 
The best enclosure you ll find... Macally is a winner!. I went through a number of Bytecc enclosures and subsequently lost my data, corrupted my hard drives, and did lots 
Protects your investment. Manufactured of a soft gray felt like material, a tough leather bottom, and draw string closure at the top, this lens pouch helps protect your lens from 
Excellent sounding and great looking speakers. I found that the Creature speakers not only look great with my iMac G5, but also have amazing sound quality, certainly equal to that 
good product. i liked this monitor a lot. the picture is good. it s also light enough for me to carry. it was easy to hook up. i have had 
Beautiful clarity and color with trouble-free operation. This monitor was recommended by Consumer Reports as a Best Buy and at 185 I can t argue! It has amazing color, wonderful 
HP iPAQ rx5915 GPS. Have made several trips and the GPS worked very well. Very easy to operate. I only wonder how it will be possible to update maps since 
Great for a small office. I recently purchased this item for my wife who has a small office. the reception on this unit is great. Bieng in a steel building 
Excellent product. I ve owned this item for almost a full year and I am extremely pleased with it. It s so nice being able to carry around my laptop 
Good Product. A good product. Easily detected and installed on a WinTel platform.I would have like it to be a bit more robust and steady hardware wise since the cable 
THE REVIEWS DON T LIE!. Read the reviews everywhere for this CPU. Only reason not to buy this one is because you have the money to waste on the 6800 
DVR Travel Adapter. I have the DVR addition for the 504 and enjoyed it so much I thought it would be nice to beable to play my movies on any 
Great product. This phone met all my expectations. The sound is much better than any of my other phones and messages are very clear. No problems at all  
Great data storage device. Love it. I store all my class teaching materials with illustrations, and after using two 1 gig Lexar mass storage devices and filling most of the 
Walkie Talkie. We use these for videotaping weddings and their silent operation and headsets makes them great. We also us them for Sound reinforcement and the one mile range can 
Works well with Samsung D900. Bought this for my Samsung D900, works very well and found no problems so far.  
Very reliable. I have had this phone for 18 months now and it still works great. The range is good... I can move three small rooms away with good reception. 
christmas gift. this was a christmas gift for daughter and from what ive heard she really enjoys using it. the extra pack of paper and ink made the purchase an 
Exceeds expectations. I ve been literally waiting for the mailman each day to deliver the travel pack to me and it finally arrived today. Even though I was very excited 
Best Available Multi-Purpose 4G iPod Case. After looking around at the local stores Fry s and CompUSA I had just about given up on finding a single case that would 
Wacom Intuos3 Tablet Review. Title: Intuos3 TabletPublisher: WacomPublish Date: UnknownISBN Model #: PTZ631WReviewer: Robert SaucierRating: 5 starsIn 1997, after buying a new top-of-the-line 450MHz Pentium II system, I splurged on 
Great for the traveling professional. I would highly recommend this product to anyone who does a significant amout of dictation and anyone who travels. The device is very small and 
Works perfectly. I ve used this MicroSD card in my Motorola E815 phone, in two different digital cameras with SD adapter , and it s worked flawlessly  
Excellant. Connected right to my panasonic Surround sound unit. Took less than 5 minutes from the box to the shelf and it was working.  
Great little powered USB 2 Hub. This item is smaller than a deck of cards and provides 4 powered USB 2 ports. The Amazon description indicates this is a USB 
It Works. I certainly wish it were smaller, but I guess that d be hard to manage while retaining the feel of a normal keypad. The unit works well and 
WG311T Wireless PCI Adapter. Very simple installation and setup was a breeze. Installation and setup was complete in less than 15 minutes  
Decent Storage. These aren t exactly what I was hoping for, but they serve the purpose well enough.I wouldn t even bother buying the binder that these go in, they 
Best DVD player I ve ever owned. I ve had this DVD player for over two years now and it has worked perfectly even with the scratched up DVDs you 
Nice card but no faster than my Ultra II. I have done numerous read and write speed tests with this Extreme III 1 GB card using both a USB 2.0 
Altec Lansing IM510 Speaker System. I bought this for my daughters Sansa e230 mp3 player and could not be more satisfied. I was leary of the price, but this unit 
Overall Pleased. Got the TV for Christmas and have been pleased. The only thing that bugs me is the occasional ghosting that happens, more so in darker images than anything 
Works great so far!. I was a little leery because of the reviews I read, but so far everything has worked great. Good reception and the CD player sounds great. 
Samsung LN-S2341W 23 LCD HDTV. Excellent Product - picture is very clear, I would recommend this product.. The only thing I can complain about is on the remote it s 
DVD On The Go. The Coby Portable DVD player may not be the most advanced portable player on the market, but it s slightly over 100.00price tag makes it the 
Great product. I bought this memory card for my camera sd500. At first, I was very dispointed when I only see 1gb on my laptop. After googled around, I realized 
Perfect for my needs. I live in a small home and a large 5 speaker system with sub-woofer,plus reciever and dvd cd player was just too much. True, the 3-2-1 
Good drive for the Money. I have 2 of these in my media center pc and i have no complaints, they are quiet, and are quick. i havent had any 
Very nice look. But mic quality could be better for SKYPE use. used it for skype. great form factor and design. but mic sound quality could be better. I compared 
Does what it says. Very satisfied with this device. I had to upgrade the CF Type II reader in my computer before the drive would perform well, but that is 
Very fast ... not sure of its reliability. When I bought my camera, the vendor included one of these cards as part of the package. It was very quick--far faster 
Good Quality Ink for an Inkjet Printer. The BCI-3eBk is good quality black ink for an inkjet printer. I have used this ink for a couple of years now and 
Didn t work for me right out of the box. I bought this thing with an Apple Nano II, and it didn t fit. I believe it s for the 
It s called the Ultra Mini for a reason!. This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub.The cord is about 2.5 feet long 
great for my mp3 player. I love this 512mb SD card, its not slow its pretty good i got it bundle with a 1gig SD card too.works great with my 
Works great with XP with the right software. If you have trouble getting the TI Connect software to work with Windows XP, try the freeware program TiLP instead, available from 
USB 2 Reader. Quick reader, poor design. It does a great job copying images to my Mac, but the flimsy lid is a piece of poo-poo. It stays on tight, 
Pretty good product. I m not an amplifier specialist but overall this receiver does a pretty good job. The sound is crispy and it has far enough power for my 
Great Alternative to Itrip. Although some complained about the noise which I did hear though only in the beginning when you start to turn on the cassette player I found 
Works great on my non-Apple computers. I bought this hoping it would read and write to my 4 gig SD-HC memory card since no other reader I have would. It 
Worthwhile investment. Using the blue-tooth card, I am able to effortlessly print from my phone or laptop with no wires, no hookups. It was easy to install and has functioned 
Works Beautifully!!. I purchased this product for my apple G4 powerbook. It lifts the daily grime beautifully off my computer. I tested it on a friend s powerbook as well. 
Apple 4GB Mini is OK. This MP3 player is a good basic unit. The controls are a bit touchy. You have to get the hang of skimming you finger around 
Very reliable, but not very well made. After having two SanDisk card readers, and one LaCie card reader die on me, I invested in this Lexar card reader. For the 
Pretty Good Amplification. Does what it s supposed to do - good sound rendition in even larger rooms --relatively easy to hook up --- BUTUnstable upright position of spkr design 
Garmin Forerunner 201 A C Charger. I recieved it today and it works perfectly. I also bought a usb adapter for the serial plug in and the whole unit works. 
great radio. as a teenager that listens to tons of loud music i can say it s a truly great radio. as previous people have stated that their radio has 
perfect for the price. I bought this reciever for my hsband as a gift when his old radioshack reciever finally went. His reciever was 24 years old, after talking to 
Photo Printer is the best !. Wonderful little machine - color quality great, easy to use - a real ge  
quality at half the price. Just finished burning through my first box of these and they are terrific. Not one was a dud. I always trust all Khypermedia Blank disks 
grrrrrreat. this case is great...and the storage option does indeed work...as long as you re not incompetent...i was pissed at first b c i wanted a silicone case but this 
great little copier. I use this instead of my scanner and ink jet and am very impressed with it. I wasn t expecting much for the price 24 after rebates 
The Best Shower Radio - EVER. This is a great product. We ve had other shower radios but nothing as easy to use as this one. The push button selections 
Good speakers for surround system. I bought these speakers to replace a pair of large tower speakers I used as the front channel speakers. Individually these speakers wouldn t be 
Sounds Great. My main concern was to find headphones that would fit my ears. The standard ipod headphones don t stay in my ears. These ones stay in great even 
Excelent Product. Those dvd r are a great product for a great price. I burn all my data and video dvds at 8x and the 100 of they works  
Good quality wall phone, a bit bulky, no voicemail light. I bought this device to mount on the wall in front of my work desk, and for that purpose it 
Smaller flat panel arm thoughts. I have a Peerless mount for my larger screen and I love the overdesign built into their products. They are the premiere manufacturer in this 
Olevia 532h tv , warts and all. The hdtv was well packed and worked just fine. The picture is fantastic on over the air hd stations, but not many are 
Trendnet TEW-432BRP wireless router. The router works fine, but I wish they had specifically told us that the CD that comes along with contains only the installation manual and no 
RECOMMEND SELLER TO ANYONE WITH CABLE NEEDS!. As always, Cables To Go exceeds my expectation with cables that are not only high quality, but durable! I purchased this particular S 
Very good solution for psp and sandisk sansa. I had been going nuts trying to find a way to utilize the video features on my psp and sandisk sansa without 
Excellent and convenient. The sound from these is outstanding as far as earbud headphones go. They are obviously not as good as a pair of 650s or something like that. 
Good stand. Its a good stand, by Xbox360 fits nicely underneath it with my 22inch LCD on top. the only downside is that it doesn t have legs on the 
An Ugly but very Durable USB Drive. In general, Lexar s USB drive does its job just as well as other USB drives; there isn t much of a difference 
Quite Nice. My deciding factor?My Sony TV remote controlled every feature of this player. I mean every feature. How many others manufacturers of remotes can say that.Pro?- Definitely price for 
Good charger - simple, works well. Bought this charger through Amazon when we lost the charger that came with our Canon Digital Rebel XT. This seemed like a good option 
its a nice!. its a nice, I put the ipod and band on my arm. I like. it is a very nice when i go jog. yes, I like to 
Love it!. Love it! Love the way that it is packaged, with enough ink and paper for all of your prints. Change the ink cartridge when you add the paper 
DOESN T FIT 46 SAMSUNG LNS 4692D. Seems sturdy, however, it did not fit my TV.Will not fit Samsung LNS 4692D  
Canon imageCLASS D320 Personal Digital Copier. Similar to previous reviewers, I was a bit hesitant to purchase this printer...but my old HP-1100A was on its last leg it had served 
Card Reader. Works well with or without software installed. Good for home use and school or traveling.  
pretty good, but a little bit slow. This SD card is pretty good, and of course, very very cheap. Maybe the speed is a little bit slow comparing with other 
Very good. It was little confusing at first how to fit into my Mitshubishi 1000U projector, but after while I was able to use it  
Useful for Manila Folders. I have used several Brother label makers, all of which use the TZ series tapes. Of those tapes, my two favorite are black on white in 
Excellent Mic for PodCasters. This is the best mic i have used for my Podcatsing Needs. I ma very happy with it and use it in conjunction with the IRiver 
If you are looking for a USB KVM switch Look at this device first. Pros:Consumer priced KVM switch from Enterprise focused company.Fantastic support. Had a bad unit and they Advance 
Pretty good for the price. I v had this for a couple of monts and so far it seems to so the job pretty well. Didn t try with a 
Good experience. I was a little reluctant about buying a tv by mail order , but it worked out just fine. It came on time and the box didn t 
Just as described!!!. This product has worked very well in my Sony 8.1MP Digital camera. Nothing has gone wrong after having it used for 3 months now. Good alternate to 
PERFECT!. At first, I thought this product was ridiculously expensive for a sheet of plastic. Then I read the reviews and was impressed. Finally, I attempted to place the included 
Stunning photos with this Matte Paper. I recently purchased a new canon printer and knew I wanted to order some paper along with the purchace of the printer. I love 
Great for wireless -- and double sided -- printing. I was looking for a replacement for a color printer that was networkable so the kids could print from around the 
The best skin for your IPOD. This is the best skin for your IPOD. It completely covers the ipod, including the screen which is covered by a thick clear piece 
the BEST mouse. I just purchased this mouse over the weekend at another retailer but should ve gone through Amazon as it was cheaper... Anyway, I am MOST impressed by 
I LOVE THESE -. I bought a ZEN 30G MP3 player and could not stand the earbuds they came with. They hurt so much that I used head phones until 
Fast service. I haven t been able to find this product locally. Amazon offers this item at a good price and it is even better because it is a qualifying 
Excellent Purchase. This iPod cable makes it very easy to watch your iPod videos on your TV. I have a 55 TV and it looks great w out any pixalation. 
Better Value than 4 Pack. This value pack is necessary for the PIXMA Pro9000. A great price compared with other retailers. This product was easy to install and worked well 
Simplicity at its Best. This is one terrific little addition to out IPOD world. Very convenient to use. Excellent transmission assist and the price is extremely reasonable compared to other 
Great speakers for price and size!. I hooked these up to a 5.1 Dolby Didgital sound system as the front left and right speakers. They are the right size and 
Mike Petrozello. Well, not much more I can say about the new Eton E1 that hasn t already been said by my radio club friend Ray B other than I 
Super Power. These are by far, the best batteries you can get. They last 5 times longer than standard Alkaline batteries, they look cool, and they weigh almost nothing. You 
Cable didn t work, but not cable s fault. I have a Comcast Motorola HD non-DVR tuner that has a DVI out, as well as an HDTV with HDMI in. 
CD Player. Bought it to play a CD over a PA system during a skit. Worked like a charm  
Fantastic complement to the iPod. The iPod isn t just for music anymore. The iSee turns an iPod into a complete media device. The demo model that I used allowed 
Amazing. I just got this for Christmas and I have to say that this portable dvd player beats many of the more expensive dvd players out there. My friend has 
Excellent Sound Quality - Poor HD Reception. I use this product as part of my home theater system for audio output of my HDTV. The sound quality in this device 
This One Worked Right Out Of The Box. Having read about the problems others have had with memory storage in their digital cameras, I was apprehensive about buying the cheaper 
Useful. Needed a large quantity of CDs for a college course; these did the job nicely  
It works well. This product works as it s supposed to. It s pretty easy to use and doesn t necessarily require software. However, the software makes it easier to 
World Wonder. As I stated in my review of the pen, the Graphire4 tablet should be one of the world wonders. How does a battery free mouse and stylus send 
Thantastic. I just got this wireless card today and it works great. I now have a consistent excelent signal that I could barely get with my old linksys 54g piece 
Unlike other USB Hubs. This is very well designed. It give you 4 USB Port but two on opposite sides. This is very clever becase you have plug in devices 
Very Satisfied with my Gigabeat. So yes, I while ago I was looking for an mp3 player. I wanted something good, something with a good amount of space, and something 
Great headset for VoIP Voice-over-IP . I bought this headset almost a year ago from K-mart and I am very happy with it, so I bought two more.I first used 
Amazing. I PURCHASED THIS TV AFTER LOOKING AT ALL THE REVIEWS AND LET ME TELL YOU, JUST AMAZING. I HAD READ ABOUT THIS TV AND WS NOT TRUELY CONVINCED IT 
Outstanding sound. This home theater system is great! It was fairly easy to setup with detailed instructions. Once connected the sound is phenomenal and clear. Highly recommended for the price 
evaluate. easy to use, it responds my needs of pictures printing beautifully, even when used as fax machine, wireless printer, it works much better than other  
Ultimate Ears Super.fi 5 EB Earphones White . High performance head set. You want quality, break out your wallet, these are not cheap, but they sure are good  
Great for the but Still a Bit of a ???. The picture quality of this TV really is excellent for an LCD, much better than most others I ve seen 
ZERO ERRORS, a perfect product. I think those who are complaining have broken drives or computers. I have been using these for about a year with zero defects  
Hubby loves it!. I purchased this for my husband to use at work. He loves it! Best of all, my husband spells phoneticly and this speller finds the word he 
Not bad. I bought this Memorex USB Flash Drive and it functions great and easy to use. It s pretty much plug and play and comes with a CD-ROM. I 
Home Theater Receiver. Outstanding receiver for the price. Met all my expectations. Hard to believe how much this little receiver can deliver. Most value for the dollar I ve enjoyed 
Great USB Hub!. I purchased a new Imac from apple a couple months ago. I transport alot of data back and forth on my flash drive. Having to turn my 
Great. Worth the money. I ve had it for a couple of months and everything works well. No problems  
Works in a mixed Mac and PC environment. Although this product requires a PC to set it up, and Linksys doesn t support the Mac, this product is working just 
great dvd player for the money. My teenage boys have been using this for over a year and a half and there have been no problems. They ve used it 
So far so good. I just bought this TV the 20th. I got it from Circuit City for around 3,236. Its great to play the Xbox 360 on and MLB 
Great Tablet PC Alternative!. What a great value! I didn t want to invest in a new tablet PC, but I did want the utility of being able to handwrite 
creative FATALITYgaming keyboard. it is the beat keyboard i have ever youd. i am a BIG GAMER. I LOVE IT. JJ JUSTEN  
A Durable Product with Good Performance. We use Belkin A V cables at one of the facilities I work with. This set of composite video and stereo audio cables with 
Works great. I use this with a Dell Inspiron 8600. It works fine even when the laptop is being used and charging at the same time. I haven t observed 
Good for contingencies. I received this radio as a gift, and I keep it handy in case there is an extended power outage, or severe weather coming through. We have 
More than useful...FUN!. I am a photographer whop purchased this for use in Photoshop. It exceeded my expectations, and continues to amaze me daily. I now use it for everything 
LaCie Ethernet mini 500GB - Excellent product. This is an excellent product for someone looking to centralize backups and all types of files on a home network. I have used 
A great way to reuse old fashioned IDE DISKs. I renew my old IDE disk on my computer, so install a new SATA disks, due to this i have my 
Excellent!. I take about 25 rountrip flights a year, and needed a roller that was flexible and durable. This is it! It has enough pockets to store the small items 
Creative MP3 Player. I just got my player today, and I haven t been able to put it down. It s fairly easy to install, as well.You do need to 
Great mulit-function printer!. Printer, copier, and scanner all in one. Prints fast too. Although, would have been nice to have fax capability for a few more dollars  
Great Service. Thanks for taking care of my order promptly and efficiently. The item arrived quickly and as described  
Nice accessory. I bought this product to go with my HP Officejet 6310 All in one Printer. It was very easy to set up and now works great. Wether I 
Beautiful and Compact. Simplicity and size are it s greatest virtues. This is much more than a clock-radio. Fine, room=filling, not neighbor alienating sound. I bought it as a gift, 
better than i hoped. I saw this and thought I would gamble as this small a device with USB plug just had to be flimsy but it wasn t. Its 
Great Memory Card. I have not had any problems with this memory card. It is very fast when taking pictures as well as downloading them. Great Bu  
excellent item. My husband wanted this for Christmas. I didn t know what it was. Now I do and I love it. I have no complaints.  
Bargain quality performance. This card is significantly cheaper at the time I ordered than the Sandisk Extreme III at the same speed 133x . I was expecting to receive a 
Wonderful Product. I purchased the Unisar AngelCare Baby Movement Sensor Monitor while visiting my new granddaughter and my daughter loves it. With all the scares of SID this monitor gives 
CD-Rs. Fast Delivery and packaging was good with minimal damage Jewel cases always have a high chance of being damaged when shipped  
It s cool. This item is very useful for my car because it doesn t have any unocuppied space near to the cigarette lighter socket.I find it very useful  
Nice Bonus. It was great that the Nikon D8 purchase included a SanDisk MicroMate with USB connection  
Decent mouse for the money. This mouse plays great for my games like CS Source and 1942. It is real nice to be able to change the mouse speed in 
Viper 2way, Best alarm on the market. I have run this alarm on my Expedition for the last 4 years. It is true that these remotes require some extra care, 
As good than the original... Working as well than the Garmin cable at 40 in stores.  
Great Product, Easy Install. I installed this adapter in a Dell Latitude L400 running Windows 2000 with no problem at all. Found my wireless router immediately and I was up 
Sirius Docking. I love this product. It works great and I have had no problems with it at all. The sound quality is super. I can tune in any stereo 
Awesome!. Exactly what I needed to avoid paying for an extra satellite receiver. I previously used a splitter to send the signal coming from my basement receiver to an upstairs 
works well and cheap!. I lost my Monster Cable brand M to M cable for my ipod and looked for a different kind and ran across this one at half 
Great Stereo. Love this! This stereo is a nice compact size, with a very up-to-date look. It is easy to get it up and running, and the sound is great! 
works great with my palm TX. I love my 2 GB SD memory card. I use it all the time and have had no problems with it  
Right on the Money!. Right out of the box I found this unit extremely easy to use and setup. I do a LOT of audio and vido conversion for website 
Great for invitations, and photos under glass. I use this paper for my sons parties invitations and is great, pictures look good, colors are strong. The paper looks and feel 
Great sound quality. This is my second pair only because I lost the first, leaving them and my Ipod on a plane..:- .. The sound quality is excellent and I 
A good scanner. This is the first scanner i have ever owned, and I must say its a good scanner. I bought it to listen to railroad communications mainly. I 
Garmin StreetPilot c550. This unit is very easy to use. It s very convenient to talk on the phone hands-free using the StreetPilot s bluetooth feature. The turn-by-turn directions make 
rpr. It s goo  
Works Just Fine. Bought one several years ago for camping trips. Use it in a Dodge Caravan with a laptop and with gameboys. It takes a beating by 2 boys 
What do I know? These are my only in-ear headphones. I m giving these four stars for the following reasons:1 They re inexpensive.2 They re much more comfortable to me 
Very Good. It is a good universal remote control, I had several but this is the only one that could realy controles my TV wel  
THE cure for my tendonitis. At work part of my job is to create designs for applications and web pages. I developed tendonitis in both wrists and using a regular 
Laptop cooler. in iraq right now and it works great keeping the heat off my compute  
The Best Way to Wrap Cables. Having been a trade show manager for a large electronics company, I saw that the technicians always wrapped their cables in a circle and 
My wife loves it. My wife is a Paramedic. This light gives her the perfect amount of light to use her laptop and notes to complete her EMS reports without 
Terk SIR6 OutDoor Antenna Sirius . My number 2 son has enjoyed satellite radio for several years. Last year he up graded his radio to the latest and greatest. For 
a bitter sweet purchase. Weighing in here, I think I can add a little bit more to discussion of this product:PROS: supports unicode character song titles and folder names this 
wish I had gotten a bigger one!. This technically works well. I am finding learning to use it difficult. I really wish I had spent a little more and gotten 
Nice cover for your laptop. When I got it out of the packaging, was afraid that it wouldnt fit my Sony Vaio FS, but it fit like a glove !! 
Remarkable. We bought this for our kicthen mostly to listen to the radio but also to plug in the ipod. Our old house has very thick walls and we have 
Works Perfectly. A USB hub is something you want to install and forget about. This one works perfectly, plus it looks cool, and has one port right at the top 
headphones are good. I like my headphones. They are cute and do their job just fine, especially for the price. My only complaint would be that the wire gets tangled 
Very good TV... but it hums!. This is my first HD TV, so I learned a lot along my way to making this purchase. I wanted to wait to buy 
Works Great For ME!. I jsut got mine today and was a little worried after reading some reviews. Setup went smooth and took just a few min. Upgraded the firmware 
wonderful starter key board. this was for my 8 yr old she loves it. but my 19 yr old got a hold of it and would not put it down 
Great Product. I had read some other reviews stating that this Home Theater System makes a buzzing noise. However, I had my doubts so I ordered it anyway and it 
A must have. This is a must have. You are able to put very useful programs for ur school courses on it. also, there are very numerous websites that u 
Works great on Windows XP. I own a Compaq Presario, and I wanted to upgrade to USB 2.0 for my Compact Flash Card Reader. The installation was so simple. When 
just a plain good cable modem. I recieved my sb5100 free with hook up to cable internet, and this is 500 times better than the one I had in kansas 
Things to consider if you re getting a 2GB card. I purchased the 2GB Elite Pro SD card but found out that my older SimpleTech FlashLink card reader is not 
Not Bad For The Price. I bought these headphones for less than 5. Based on my experience, phones in this price range generally don t preform very well. Therefore, I 
Quality Drive, A Bit Pricey, Crap Software. This is a sturdy, trustworthy drive, but there s a couple nitpicks I have with it:1 I have a Mac, and as far 
Works great!. I have a Motorola KRZR K1m from Verizon. Having read some other reviews I wasn t sure this was going to work but it does! It works perfectly. 
Meets Expectations. I checked previous reviews before purchasing this notebook case. What I received is what I expected. Lots of compartments to store needed accessories, sturdy construction, pleasant appearance. As 
Great value!. If your are looking for a big mouse this is for you, I m using for my laptop, the thing is I really don t like those mini 
Well Rounded Product = Good. I got this as a Gift for my education. Im getting a degree in aeronautical engineering and a minor in psychology, so something that can 
Great product - saves money. I had a DVD Beauty and the Beast that my daughter loves. She had been unable to watch it because it continually repeated a chapter 
It Works.. what else can one say. I used it to hard wire my son s Nintendo Wii to the network. It works fine  
Nice case for a 15.4 Laptop. Good value in this bag. It serves my purposes well in transporting my 15.4 laptop to and from work. The only thing I would 
Great batteries at a great price. Excellent value -- these batteries are just as good as name brands for about half the price. If you use a lot of AA 
Works as Stated - Easy to Install. I needed this cable to use with my Garmin Rino 120 because my new laptop didn t have a serial adapter. My first 
Works great on Mac&--priced right!. Bought this to replace another non-Mac mouse which I had to send back to the manufacturer. As advertised, the Kensington 72213 was absolutely plug and 
Excellent for gaming and general computing. Well constructed and worked right out of the box. We are anxious for more gaming templates.How about templates for MS Flight Simulator and the 
works great. I just purchased this item, and so far I had no problems with it. Works great whe I want to watch video files from my laptop on my 
Mustang flat screen wall mount has four strong qualities. Here are four good reasons to buy this wall mount.1 Excellent construction. If a 9.0 quake strikes, your tv will be 
RECOMMEND 100 . This dock was very easy to sync. I use it every day at work with a cassette adapter. The sound is amazing and the remote range is 
Quality system. I don t know much about audio, nor do I have a good basis for comparison. But FWIW, the system works fine and sounds good  
canon printer. I was very pleased with this product. Packaging was great, product in new conditions. And I recieved printer earlier than expected. Truly deserves more than five stars  
Sylvania LCD 20 TV. This TV is wonderful and so much less space is required. The TV was sent sooner than expected and in excellent condition with no problems  
Terrific Training Aid. I received this watch as a gift. I have found it to be a great training aid. It s features are easy to use which is important 
Great scanner. Innovative design.... I love this scanner. I use a mac and have had no problems. I believe the poor reviews are due to the fact that the scanner 
Never a problem. I ve never had a problem with these DVDs. They burn and play perfectly and I ve never had a problem printing on them. What s particularly 
Great case as long as you don t take it off a lot. At first I was frustrated with the case because my iPod didn t fit into my universal 
works great. I use it to watch video files from my laptop on our TV. We just watched space shuttle launch on NASA tv online , the picture was far 
Good quality, sturdy notebook bag. It s a good quality notebook bag that can fit 17 laptops notebooks easily. Balances well on your shoulder unlike some bags that rest lopsided 
Great product!. This product is amazing! It is so easy to use and so useful especially when running long distances and you don t know how far you ve been. 
Charger works great!. This is a hard to find charger that is fast to charge. I am VERY happy with this charger. Thanks  
Excellent for the price. This hardware was easy to mount and works well. I am not very handy, but I was able to secure this mount with little trouble. I 
Great Deal. I got these as my secondary splitters, but since my other ones haven t come in yet, I decided to use these. While sitting on the bus with 
Very good player overall. I ve used this music player for a few months and I am happy with it. It is not perfect, but it is very good.Good sound 
HP 15 BLACK INK CARTRIDGE. Easy to order. Shipped and received in very timely manner  
14,000 pictures in my battery s life. I have taken over 14,000 pictures with my Fuji FinpixF700 and I am now replacing the battery for the first time. I can 
Scanner upgrade. Got both Epson scanner and Epson printer...they work together and give outstanding perfect color prints. Scanner is a litte touchy to install, had to reverse the usb and 
An excellent power conditioner voltage stabilizer. This is an excellent power conditioner and voltage stabilizer,all in one.This unit can protect your sensitive high end audio system,computers,and video moniters,from....Everyday,power surges,power sags,over 
Excellent sound quality and comfort. I wanted to upgrade from the crummy and painful earbuds that came with the iPod Nano and settled on these after reading the reviews. I 
Garmin GSC 10 Speed Cadence Sensor. Easy installation of sensor and magnets. Crank magnet come loose easily.Pairing the sensor with the receiver unit can fail without much of an indication 
A Decent Basic Labeler. After getting this I realized a serious lack in Dymo labelers: limited color selection. I m much less interested in black on red, blue, yellow, green, 
Good Trainer MP3. Got this for my little brother who is 11 it s a good step up from his portable CD player but a lot less exspensive than an 
Awesome Receiver. Can t ask for more, clear sound, nicely finished, easy to use and the best part is the iPlug just plug it and you are done, your ipod 
Loving my XMB-10. The XMB-10 is a great way to listen to my XM Audiovox receiver at home. The boombox is slightly larger than I desired, but the sound is 
Nice Audio. It worked without a hitch. Good signal everywhere in the house.It would be better if it put out enough rf so it could be heard better outside the 
My coworkers love these!. I am an IT Director and bought these for exercisers for my users. The outside is like a balloon, only much stronger rubber, and the inside 
Good but not great for person who is renting apartment. This is a great piece of hardware, the wireless rear speakers was a big selling point for me. But in 
Great Product. This ipod cover gets the job done, you can still see your ipod s color and yet keep it protected. It has a great rubbery feel that makes 
Onkyo DVCP704 reveiw. Onkyo s HDMI player has fulfilled its billing. I spent a lot of time reviewing the various HD DVD players on the market and narrowed it down 
Great Cables. I bought these for my dvd player. They work wonderfully! The old analog cables that came with the dvd player looked alright but [didn t measure up}. These 
Hmmm. Not much to review since those dastardly people at epson put microchips in these things to stop you using anything else... so objective comparison is not possible.Trying to get 
Product is good. I was purchased this item for Indian car. The installation is very simple, if you have a knowledge of installing such products then it is much more 
MediaMVP nice gadget. This unit solves the current problem of making video picture CDs that will play on your entertainment center DVD CD player. Documentation is a little light. I 
I ve bought several. I enjoyed using this kit. It creates a very nice, hardbound book to share with friends and family. My teenager has used a couple of these 
Good for hot days. After some weeks of really hot weather, I change two regular fan coolers for this one, because I need to turn off the computer all the 
Pros and Cons. Pros:many great details, really thinks about the customer, good quality lasts a long time Con s :Sony should include tape recorders and blank tapes together for a 
Just say no to Mon ter!. This cable finally unleashed the real HD capabilities of my TV. I had to use the cable company-provided component cables for a week and 
Gran producto, le faltan los tornillos para el video proyector. Permiti instalar mi Optoma H31 480p DLP Home Theater Projector, slo que tuve que comprar en la ferretera los tornillos 
GREAT LITTLE RADIO!. Since I m outdoors quite a bit, I always had a portable radio but they are usually a little bulky. This Sangean Pocket Receiver was perfect in 
Great phones. I don t know what other people are complaining about, but I absolutely LOVE these phones. I have the main phone and 3 additional extensions. I ve never 
very good. my compact flash card works just fine & good here very fast.a very happy custome  
Great for precise color work!. I am a retired engineer that used to design color measuring equipment and worked for MacBeth briefly in the 1960 s. I can say that 
Does what I want. :- . This is my first GPS so this is coming from a not so GPS technically inclined person. I use it for geocaching and it 
Print Server without any problems. I hooked the box to my wireless router, installed the software and got it to run in no time. No problems ever since  
Good player, but.... When I got my hands on the PMC-120 I thought this was going to to be the best player but when I started to play with it 
Good quality for the price. Nice quality for the price, I am using it for a 3 CCD Pro digital camcorder. The sound volume and quality are better then the 
Endless Posibilities!. The Graph Link alows you to use your calculators in as many ways as you wish! The great number of software just waits on-line to download it. There 
It works. Fast and reliable, it makes transferring data between phone and computer trivial. The price is right and it does what it promises  
Easy setup for computer using PS 2 and D-SUB connections. Great product! You just need tapping Scroll Lock button twice to switch. Allow you to access another computer functioning as 
Griffin Turntable connection convert vinyl to digital . I had no problems with this product. It worked perfectly. I was ecstatic to get some of the obscure albums off vinyl 
TV for the mac, ready for prime time?. The Miglia TV Mini HD works as advertised! However, if you live in an over the air market like my area you 
Attractive Radio, Strong Speaker, Good Reception. One of the most attractive radios in its price range, well constructed, lacking cheap materials, and having a crisp, full monoaural speaker, the Tivoli 
Great Memory Card. This is a great value, and a lot of room. I own two of these, and I really only need one! I always have room, and I 
Sony Memory Stick. This is definitely a great investment. I can take as many pictures as I want to and not have to worry that the stick is getting full. 
insertdisk. Good picture, good features, great price. I have satellite, HDDVD, and VCR. all working great with system. Did purchase a Logetech 880 remote could not get all the remotes 
Great portable set. This starter set gives me enough lighting to create beautiful pictures. Easy to setup and breakdown. Would have given it 5 stars if it had come with 
SHARP 13 LCD TV. Great item. Picture great, sound great, connection choices great.One problem: Being located about a foot away from an under-cabinet radio, the presence shut off of this 
Crosley CR56 1950 s Pay Phone -Black. I like how the phone looks like the older models. I like how it is very light. What I did not like was 
A very finger friendly mp3 player. I d say the main strength of this player is it s easy to memorize, easily accessible buttons. By the end of the first 
Great batteries and PRICE!!. for the price, can t beat these little guys. i feel like they are just as good as the name brand batteries that probably cost twice 
The Most Comfortable Mouse Pad In The World!. I have to say this mouse pad has far exceeded anything I hoped for. When I first opened the box it was 
Great product. I love my xm radio. I think this vendor was waiting at the mailbox to send this to me. I couldnt believe have fast it got her. I 
super product!. I love how this transmitter and {MP3 player} help to transform an otherwise mind-numbingly dull commute to work into an entertaining and occasionally educational experince. Depending on what 
Nice looking, quick start hub. This hub looks great and required no configuration for my XP computer. I would give it a 5 except the cord to connect to the 
Excellent for Canon Digital Elph S230. I don t know what happened with an earlier reviewer, but my SimpleTech CF card works perfectly with my wife s Canon Digital Elph 
Beautiful for all the senses. My husband and I got this as a post-holiday gift to ourselves to replace the old boom box in our kitchen. The boom box will 
Get this. Not surprisingly, the standard short antenna located among the cables on the back of a desktop computer didn t work well.I tried changing to high gain antennas on 
Worth the money. Pay for itself in one trip. I love this adapter. I can enjoy airline movies without having to spend five bucks buying the headphones I can t 
Better than lipstick. Bought these to use while doing my daily walks & mowing. They work 100 better than the little lipstick antenna you get with the MyFi plus you 
delivery of the product. really great - the product got delivered before what i expected  
Mainstream Performance Headphones. ----------------------BundlesNice headphones holder and 1 4, 1 8 mini-jack connection with installation manual.----------------------Design and Durability:they have a stylish and solid construction, long and thick wire and firm 
I love my Voyage 200. its the bestest calculator ever! It certanly is bigger than everyone elses and thats why I got it. Full qwerty keyboard and bigger screen is 
Great Motherboard!!!!!. This is the best motherboard I have had experience using. Since I use mine for heavy gaming and video editing, the dual graphic card support comes in real 
Great. Got for my son for Christmas and he loves it! He claims it is really neat  
Great cantilever mount from the best manufacturer in this business. It is a great mount and I recommend it  
The mic is good. You re buying this for the mic. The software is fine though you don t need to buy this to get Audacity , the bumper clips 
I love it! This unit is ultra thin than others. I had done my research on 9 PDVDs before I made my purchase. In summary, this PDVD is the thinest 
A great basic upgrade, but not for gamers!. This mouse is way better than the optical Dell mouse that came with my computer. Don t let the 1000 in the 
The best DVD Cases ever?. They are thin and take up the minimum amount of space.They are flexible and don t shatter like jewel cases.You can see through them if 
just what they say they are ...slim jewel. if this is what you are lokking for get them they are fin  
headphones. I love the product and i love shopping on amazon its so much easier than e-bay!!!!!!!!!!1  
Very Nice. This is my first rhino and I m quite pleased with it. I ve used it for hiking, geocaching, and hunting. It does everything I want and I 
Great Product. This product work perfectly in the Epson printer! The quality of printing is great!  
Runs well. I bought this for the office and it prints and networks well. I also have a 1020 and it does not work well with a Linksys print server. 
Great Stereo. I bought this stereo for my daughter s 9th birthday. It s a great system with really good sound for the size. It is easy use and is 
great product!!!!!!!!!. hook it up today to my 4-th antenna location. could never get all my local hi def channels at this location! well this little gem seems to have 
Great TV, even greater price. We saw this TV at one of the big electronics stores and thought it had the best picture of any in the store. Glad we 
haven t purchased yet, but.... i went and demo d this 4665 yesterday and....wow!!!! Very impressive picture. Very sleek looking frame. I have been shopping and reviewing and looking since 
strong. The mount is secure and strong. We attached to to the wall in our finished basement with no problem. It s a great buy  
works just fine... I am pleased with the card...I was not at all pleased with the website that promised I could upgrade the size but kept refusing to lrt me.....frustrating 
Working Great So Far!. This cordless phone is working great so far. I usually purchase Panasonic phones, but they only seem to last about a year, then I have to 
Just What We Needed. We re a small graphics agency and the generic 600x2400 scanner in a multifunction doesn t come close to cutting it for our needs with film 
Inexpensive and good quality. I bought this to use for work and love it. Totally recommend  
Very Very Nice!. This is a very good sd card and is a great size for its value. I am using it with the panasonic sv-av20 digital cam and it 
Good Firewall. I really like this new firewall from Netgear. Firstly, it is a hardware one and I used to primarily use software firewalls, so it is a nice change. 
It Works, with PATIENCE and ELBOW GREASE, Careful around pinted type...!. Okay, iDrops works--as just a mere polish, it s marvelous--makes your device look shiny and spotless. It can remove 
lasted years before one side finally died. i bought this earphone maybe 5 years ago at walmart and one side just suddenly died yesterday. it lasted pretty darn long. i 
Correction To Earlier Review. It s unfortunate that an earlier review indicated that the unit had a serious flaw -- beeps whenever there is a problem with the incoming power. 
Love it. I bought this clock based on reviews I read. Some said it was difficult to set up. It was easy, even when time changed early, it was simple 
Memory works like it should. No problem whatsoever with this product. It was delivered in a timely manner and worked perfectly  
playa playa. I brought this for 9 yr old son and he is totally in love with it. I myself am impressed with it as well. I usually will borrow 
Best product from a best company. I bought this product from Amazon.com with some discount. So I got a best product that can play all kinds of music in best 
Polaroid Version is Compatible with Nintendo Wii. I picked up the Polaroid variant of this memory card as a doorbuster deal from Circuit City on Black Friday for about the 
Reads and writes so fast. I use it from 6 months with an 1GB microSD card and with my old 512SD. Reads and writes so fast. And cheap. Wish it 
Works as advertised. Easy to attach to both the TV and the support arm. Too bad that Sony requires this at all  
MY LAST PURCHASE. I AM VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE AND THE SHORT AMOUNT OF TIME IT TOOK TO RECEIVE IT AND THE LOWER PRICE  
Great Fun!. Got this for my son-in-law for Christmas. He loves to tinker with computers and electronics, and this has been a great buy. He connected it up to the 
DEPENDABILITY?. The 3390 was easy to set up and register, but when I investigated extended warranties I found that I could purchase only two more years coverage from HP, not 
Works great!. No problems, great picture, Easy to use. I hooked it up from my laptop to my Samsung LCD TV and have had no problems. It s a long 
Quality at a good price. Yeah its just an electrical cord, but Amazon has it for a third of the price compared to the Comp USA price of 24.99.  
What It Is. If my goal was to transfer analog data to CD then this machine does exactly what it presents to do. Connected to my reciever, making the new 
Great for automotive scan tool to work with my laptop. Bought this to convert a automotive scan tool from Serial port to USB to work with my new laptop. Has 
SIMPLICITY. These speaker stands fit the bill. They are priced right, good quality, and stable on carpet. No reason to pay 2x or 3x at the superstores.  
A great little machine!. I use it outside on my deck for watching DVDs in the summer. It is sturdy, easy to move around, and the quality is excellent. I 
DOES WORK WITH 1ST GEN SHUFFLE & 2ND GEN NANOS!. Received my iLuv super fast! I have 3 ipods. The 4th gen with the buttons, the 1st gen shuffle and 
Great paper. This is great paper. It does make a difference. It s worth the price. It s also nice having it delivered insteading of lugging it back from the 
Best of the Under Counter Kitchen radio s. I ve had a GE and a Sony CD543RM kitchen under counter units. I ve also tested a few others in stores. 
Crosley Kettle Classic Desk Phone. Pros: The phone looks great with antique furniture, and the sound quality is fantastic. Cons: The receiver isn t designed so it can rest on 
Terrific Product. Let me start by saying that I LOVE these speakers almost more than the IPOD itself!I searched every store and could not find a product with all these 
Useful little unit, no problems. I ve had good results with this unit. I ve used it for the last few weeks, and haven t yet produced a dreaded coaster 
Tim. Good quality 20 for the money. Don t expect much from internal speakers though. 4 1 2 stars  
Audiovox tops in XM market. Audiovox receiver and components are packaged well, the instructions are clear and the product performs remarkably well.Apparently the demand exceeds the supply and many electronic 
Another Great Apple Invention!!. Small, cute design, pretty bright pink mettallic color and suits your music needs. Easy to use and did I mention cute? Get one!  
Great Portable Power Strip. This power strip is quite compact and easily transported with a laptop. It s great for travel and working in a coffe shop. I m thinking 
Very Good Value for Money. This charger is really good value for money. This charger shows each battery s status individually and charges them quickly. i did not monitor the 
Finally, a winner!. I ve tried I-pod ...didn t work right... Tried aother brand....wouldn t recharge sooooo... tried this one.. a home run!! Good price, works as advertised, good sound 
If looks are more important than surround sound... ....then buy this enclosure. I have it and like it, but frankly the sound dosen t seem to come from anywhere but 
I love this... , can t do without it. I bought this mouse about 14 months back!!! And it s been working great!Pros:===========1. Nice design2. good looks3. ergonomic4. I use 
Works Perfectly, Exactly What I Needed. I teach college courses, and I occasionally have students in my office and I want to show them something on the computer. I looked 
Awesome iPod Mini Remote. I snowboard and last year purchased a helmet with integrated headphones in the earpads. I had drooled over the expensive jackets with the integrated iPod controls, 
Great Basic Speakers. These don t really compare to the Bose I have outside, especially on the bass. But they sound just fine where I have them in the garage. 
It s ink. It s ink -- it works great. The price on Amazon was the best I could find  
Great MultiFunction Printer for Price. I ve had HP and Lexmark printers in the past. This Canon outshines both of the other brands. It is super easy to install WITHOUT 
Epson R2400. This is an excellent printer. I have used it for color and black and white with good results.  
Great!. A great and economical replacement! This product saved me a lot of money. The red in the color leaked a tiny bit in shipment but cleaned up and worked 
Excellent Product and Price. Simply plug and play. Additionally Dazzle Reader shows up as a separate drive under Window s. Easy to move files back & forth to the reader. 
GPS Antenna. Cheaper than other vendors, but it works great. Faster aquistion of signal, no fade outs  
So far so good. It s been plug and play using WinXP & USB . I ve been using dual layer 8.5 Gig discs without any problems. The unit also 
Supported by Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger & Tiger Server. Besides being available at an excellent price, the Netgear GA311 Gigabit Ethernet card is supported natively by Mac OS X 
Good enough satisfactory. Sound quality is good, but the way it sits on top of your head will cause you to feel pressure headaches after 1 or 2 hours. Then 
Smallest SirfStarIII you can buy. Flawless bluetooth GPS receiver: best GPS chip available today Sirf Star III, in its low-power version , small and light as a USB pendrive, good 
Great Product. I listening to music and programs in my car and then take my Sportster Sat Radio inside, placed in the home docking kit to contunue enjoying without paying 
Great bargain for good quality media. best price Great bargain for good quality medi  
Great performance. Worked perfectly right out of the box. Picked up multiple satellites whether inside a building or in the car. With Map Point or other mapping software, you re 
packaged well. mine just arrived today and it was packaged well and just what i expected except there is no straw...which is not a big deal to m  
Good value. I bought this scanner mostly for negative scanning. It does a good jobas far as overall scan quality goes. Plan on spending some time gettingused to the software. 
All the right buzz. I bought this product for my husband. He travels often and goes at least 2 times a year to other countries. Flights are long and he 
Great Phone. It does work live with DSL installed on the same line, ever heard of DSL filters? Too small? are you kidding? this phone is great all around  
Very nice product and very fast delivery. I bought this as a gift for grandma,she loved it.I like the oldschool feel of your guys products.Very nice.Thankyou for the great product 
Must have if you have the reciever and an ipod. If you have an ipod and a compatible receiver this is a must have at a great price. The retail 
Sharp Aquos 52 1080p LCD HDTV. I am really happy with my purchase of Sharp Aquos 52 1080p HDTV. Picture is perfect- very satisfied, I am looking forward to DirecTV 
Here s what I think and what you should do... Straight forward: you should buy this.Here s the pro s and consPro s:1 It has a nice screen, even though 
comfortable headphone... at reasonable price. I ordered the 520 old model but the wrong model was delivered by the nonAmazon merchant and I returned them after I received them I 
WORKS PERFECTLY-PC and MAC!!. This card works exactly as stated by StarTech. I bought two - one for a PC and one for a Mac, popped em in and plugged 
It is cheap and works fine. No complains at all. I bought this KVM switch and it is working fine for me. Video, mouse, and keyboard are functionning perfectly. I 
Gets the job done. This speaker selector is nothing special, but it gets the job done for a reasonable price. It is difficult to see which speakers are selected without 
Good One. This works out well for data storage. Till now i have not faced any problems with it. WD also replaces the piece if there are any problems with 
Fake Price. I bought a hk 245, from a dealer that is in amanzon, Etronicsthey advertice a price of 313 us but really the invoce was 430 us. the delivery 
Great buy, great clarity. I will admit the built in speakers are tinny but I hadn t planned on using them anyway. That aside, the color and clarity is outstanding! 
Great Product. I got this MP3 player and I really love this. The operations are cool. The manual that comes with the item is very user friendly. It has a 
Best sound for the money - best comfort. I ve been looking for a pair of headphones like this for years. I ve used these for 8 months now and 
Wonderful sound !. These cables are excelent. They reproduce bass, middle and highs very clearly and in a soft way. They sound very good and natural. I think the guys 
Shure = Quality. I picked up the IC3 headset from Fry s in California, but returned it not sure I would really use the mobile phone pda function, and after 
GRRRRRREAT. I PURCHASED THIS KARAOKE MACHINE FOR MY 7YR OLD SON B-DAY 2006 IT S GREAT. I HAVE NEVER BEEN INTO KARAOKE UNTIL I PURCHASED THIS. IT S WORTH BUYING 
Good Cable. This is a well made, well designed cable. It looks like it ll hold up well  
good product for excellent price. We just got this in the mail, as our old one finally croaked. this is a good printer, for an excellent price and produces good 
No regrets. For the price, these headphones are surprisingly good in all respects except the sound quality. Although I m not qualified to give a critical audio review but nobody 
Great player for the money. This is a great mp3 player for the money. I have purchased creative mp3 players before and continue to be impressed. I suggest transferring songs 
AWESOME Batteries!. These batteries are phenomenol! I love that they come pre-charged and they last longer than regular rechargeable batteries and alkaline batteries. I use the eneloop in my MP3 
Wireless headphones. These headphones do not possess the latest technology, but just work. You do need line of sight to the transmitter, for them to work, but that is just 
A SanDisk Fan. I have always been very pleased with the SanDisk products. I would highly recommend them  
It really does reduce glare!. After doing research on which screen protector would best suit my needs, I decided on this particular one due to the favorable reviews and reasonable 
SAVE SOME MONEY. Don t overpay for this at Best Buy or Circuit City! This cable does the same job for a fraction of the price. I use it to 
Good product. Works well. Keys are very small, which I suspose is necessary, given the size, which is good for sticking in the book bag. Should be good for students, 
Really nice road GPS - for the right application. You can get the automotive kit detailed map CD, memory card, mount, and cig lighter plug speaker and turn this into 
good product. good product that charges my ipod nano and transfers the files to my nano. the quality is not as high as the original ipod cable, but this gets 
Wicked!!!. The ZBoard is the next best thing to having a voice activated keyboard that writes for you. Its great for anything you want to do. If your a gamer, 
price&delivery. I paid 6 dollers more and waited 5 days for delivery.I perchased the same item from HP direct I paid 3 dollers less and receivednext day deliver free  
Excellent scanner. I researched a lot before I bought the scanner. As I expected, this scanner is so easy to setup and easy to process! The quality of scanned photos 
Logitech Freedom 2.4 GHz Cordless Joystick. Excellent product - very ergonomic, easy to set up and use! Wireless works great.I would recommend this product  
Great deal. I could not find this product in the stores anymore because of all the mp3 players out now; i would guess. I bought these from the recording store 
Unlike other USB Hubs. This is very well designed. It give you 4 USB Port but two on opposite sides. This is very clever becase you have plug in devices 
nice case. i like the color and the style and it protects the ipod. the only flaw in this is that it scrathes easily. but its still a great buy 
NOT for iPods with protective covers. If your iPod has a protective cover e.g. skin, casing, etc. , then the iPod will not fit in the holder of this kit. 
Wojnderfully Comfortable Earbuds. Omigod!The reviews from CNET and others are spot on!The buds that came with my Samsa e260 were far too big and hurt to wear.These are perfect!Deep Velvet 
decent speakers. For the price I paid, and I am not a professional musician, these speakers were very good  
Best radio. this little radio is functional in the dark, I can use the memoriy buttons without a need to look at it. Great sound. the best for the money. 
Grips for the PSP. I bought them for me and my son. I have to say they are very helpful. I have big hands and I can use the PS2 
Much better than the alternatives. These are a new generation of webcams . These cameras have a built in web server. They connect to your home net via ethernet. Management 
CD Storage Box. The Ideastream CD Storage Box was easily assembled and well constructed. A great way to store and retrieve CDs  
Acer Monitor. I am 100 satisfied with this product. I was adamant that I did not want a widescreen monitor as I actually -work- on my pc and am not 
Great small system. I ordered this for my niece and she loves it. For how small it is, it produces great sound and charges her Zen, which is great  
verrry goood. the microsoft zune....such a contrivertial productwell let me start with thisi like it better than the ipod don t get riled up it s my opinioni think the 
great for the price. For the price this is a great projector. The colors are excellent, and the brightness is pretty good. The picture is better than you will see 
Works great with nike sports kit. I have done a few runs with this Ipod holder. It is very comfortable. The sleeve allows access to the top and bottom. This 
Have really enjoyed it. I wanted a non-iPod digital music player, and found this to be a terrific option. It plays a number of different formats, and includes a lanyard, 
Perfect for the price. I bought this for my wife as a stocking stuffer, so we ve only had it a few days, but so far we think it s 
Works Great - Setup has 1 unclear step. I got the Wireless-G Music Bridge up and running in less than 10 minutes and it works great.There is just 1 thing 
You can use the Shoe Pouch to hold the sensor in any type shoe. The Nike iPod Sport Kit is an excellent addition to the iPod line.Unfortunately, it only works 
Great deal for the price!. I ve had this drive for over 2 months now and it s been running great. It s fast, doesn t make much noise, and 
This Mount Could Support a Tank. Talk about solid! Be sure you observe the 30 minimum dimension. If you have a smaller display you ll want a different mount. This 
mobile printing naturally. The printer is fast and printing is always properly aligned on the paper. Quality of printed text is as good as any decent desktop printer and that 
32inch 480i to 56 inch 1080p, WOW. I did a lot of internet research, six months worth, and decided on the samsung 5687.I expected a good big picture, but when 
worth buying. Plain and simple, the Extension kit was worth the money. We can now listen to Sirius all day long in the house without losing signal. We used to 
A MUST HAVE FOR HELLO KITTY FANS!!. WE BOUGHT THIS FOR OUR DAUGHTER S 9TH BIRTHDAY. THIS IS HER FIRST CD PLAYER. SHE WAS ABLE TO USE IT WITH NO 
Very good, but not completely. The Philips PET710 DVD Player is a superb machine for viewing DVD films;however, it suffers from one omission: the lack of a time place counter.One 
Great for my digital camera. These batteries have been awesome. My digital camera uses 4 of them at a time and they last for 100 s of photographs. Flash recharge 
Very good SD Card. I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the 
Compact, brilliant, a thing of beauty. We were never able to get my favorite NPR station from my home. This radio has given us beautiful and peaceful evenings of listening 
Reliable product!. Never have had a problem with HP cartridges and are well worth the money  
Just arrived! Looks great!. I got this pack on a popular on line auction site for 27 plus 15 shipping. I read the reviews here and checked out photos. This 
memory chip. price was economical, purchase was easy, delivery was quick, plugged it in and it worked  
Simply the best. What can i say about the Garmin 2720 that has not been said already? I am a guy who has been known to drive around an area 
Great Pictures. It took a lot of searching before I decided to purchase a good printer and this one is a great one. The pictures are clear and they print 
Best burner in my opinion. All this has been said before but here it is again. Sony 1-8x DVD R s with AccuCORE will burn at 16x. TDK 8x will 
works for Dell Axim x50v. I have been looking for a larger CF card for my Dell Axim x50v. the seagate CF drive does not work. finally, i got this 
Works great - never had a problem. For the price you can t beat transcend cf cards. I have three - 2 4gb and one 8gb. Using them in a 
compact flash card. awesome product. fast data collection, and holds about 450 photos. i would purchase again  
dirty deeds done dirt cheap. Nine bucks??? for 128mb??? I still have a lap top with a 250mb hard drive. This little baby is so low priced and convenient it 
RFV modulator. This is a followup to a previous posting. I have now installed the RF-modulator and it works like a charm.I have a new HD satellite receiver which has 
Sony=Quality. I ordered these speakers to try to create a home theater system with existing equipment we already had. Unfortunately, the receiver I had didn t have the correct connections 
Product desciption could be more specific. I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you must plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m 
I m a recording engineer. I have had the X-Fi Platinum for about one month. I upgraded from Soundblaster 5.1, a big upgrade. I have an Asus Motherboard, AMD processor 
SO HAPPY TO HAVE THIS MONITOR. Couldn t ask for better. Had some false alarms recently after 4 & 1 2 months, but I just realized the sensitivity was turned 
Great for the money. I am very happy with my purchase. The Ipod is so expensive and not nearly as efficient. My sister has one and I have 3 times 
Does the job, essential for serious photographers. I have spent many hours eyeballing a screen and looking at Adobe colour blocks to attempt to calibrate my screen without a device 
Sony cassette recorder. This is a very good buy for the money. I recommend it for taping conversations. It would not be good for money  
I wouldn t know. Kingston usually makes great products, most notably their RAM. However, I purchased the wrong size RAM and it didn t fit into my Mac computer. Still, 
Turning Phone into Media Player!. This expansion is great, now I have over 120 songs loaded in my phone. Great Media player  
Good card for older systems. I decided to buy this card to upgrade my old gaming rig it was using a 128MB 6600GT before and I must say it was 
Awesome Experience!. After struggling with whether to buy a big ticket item on the web, I decided the savings was well worth the risk. The shipment arrived as promised excellent 
I love it. I purchased this product based on other people s reviews to replace the NetGear wireless router that disconnected me every now and then, this Buffalo router has 
Excellent performance features vs. cost. This univeral DVD player comes packed very neatly in an Oppo cloth case and is very sleek. The finish of the DVD player is excellent, 
Excellent!. The mounting arm is impressive as soon as you take it out of the box. It is well built and the instructions are clear and easy to follow. The 
excelent service. The best value in memory stick is SanDisk. Quality and very good price. I will buy again SanDisk products.  
Excellent product, with only one minor flaw. If you re looking for an affordable gigabit switch that doesn t suffer from strange auto-negotiation speed duplex problems, this switch is for 
Great Product. I like this product for my Inno. It helps with reception in hard to reach areas and the sound is great. I would tell anyone with an Inno 
Great picture but sound needs some help. Even though I had to go buy additional sound, I would recommend this TV to everyone. Like most others have reported, the picture 
Dymo Labels 30321 Performance. Excellent ease of use. Great compatibility with the Dymo Turbo LabelWriter. These wide labels enable domestic and international addresses to be printed on them. May add 
2 Port Printer Servers are Awesome!. Two-port print servers are the best and this product is great! The D-Link DP-300U was very easy to set up. Every house should have 
palm one. I like this product and I am enjoying a good quality films out of i  
These should come with every nanopod!. I was looking for something that could plug into my nano via a wire and I got better. No wires!!! This product not only 
Easy upgrade. I was concerned that my computer would work after adding 1Gb of memory due to it having 512MB of memory on board. It came configured with two Kingston 
card adapter. this card adapter is a excelent reader, you can use it with 6 types of memories  
Better hardware than software. Picture quality is noticably better than my old TV-Wonder PCI, though not stunningly so. However, they have replaced their old controller software, wihch worked fine, for 
Great portable speakers!. These portable speakers put out surprisingly good sound for the iPod. I used them in a cinderblock classroom and got great results, both in volume and clarity. 
Excellent Scanner for the Beginner. Does not support TrunkTracking, however I was unaware of what that was until I read about it in the manual.Scanning larger bands takes time...I don 
This Pedal Rocks!. In my opinion, I THINK THIS PEDAL RULZ! It has an awesome soundand it is really easy 2 use. Even though it did not include a power 
Great. Works great! Really helpful...It seems brand new. We just moved to New York City and this product is a lifesaver.Only thing is sometimes its hard as place we are 
Good, but not perfect. I d like to start by asking why some of you have given this system bad reviews because you couldn t hook your computer or whatever 
SKYFI in the SKYFi2 Adapter. I bought this to use the older style SKYFi with the orange screen in my car. The antenna was easy to install. The only reason 
Sweet little thing. Like everyone else said it s great. I use this device with my TOmTOm software. It s really powerful that I can leave it in my pocket 
Great amount of memory!!!. I was so impressed with the amount of memory on this media card. I wondered if I could take a movie of my son s 3 
Great TV for the price. I searched far and wide and compared many tv s. It came down to the Panasonic Plasma TV vs. the Sony KDFE42A10. I went with 
better than expected. I was looking for some quality crimpers at a good price and magazines are selling the same thing for 50 and 60 bucks. this is a great 
wow,. ok , first of all we didnt get ours from here, and we paid way less than the listed price more like under700 we got it from a big 
Great Choice. There were a number of green laser pointers to choose from and I made a great choice. Powerful beam, easy battery installation, reasonable price and delivery time. I 
Best Card Reader I Have Ever Had. I have purchased three of these work, home and as a gift for my mom and they are great. I have an old 
Perfect for papers, not for books. This holder keeps papers upright and in position, but it doesn t handle books particularly well, as the clip cannot grip surfaces as thick 
JVC Video Switcher. Our big screen TV only has one high def input. This switch takes care of my problem going from cable, dish, to high def broadcast TV signal. 
Great protection for MacBook. A great product - snug fit on the laptop, and appears to be a part of the laptop itself. Difficult to remove, but no real reason 
Wireless Connection. Finally able to connect the basement computer with the router on the second floor. Failed repeaters and other type routers and cards were the norm  
nice tv. This is exactly what I had hoped for. Easy to set up and it works perfectly  
Perfect for controlling an iPod you keep in a glovebox. I have an iSkin on my Gen 5 iPod and the Airclick works perfectly with the device.My last car had 
I LOVE IT!!!!!. I purchased mine over a month ago for use at work and it s absolutely wonderful. I love that I don t have to click a button 
Great item. I was concerned by all of the negative comments below. However, I chose the Kensington anyway for the simple reason that it has an on off power switch...I 
Supreme!. This MOBO is really supreme.It s given me nice performance and quality. By the time of this review I have itbuilt with: Athlon 64 3200 working with the coolest 
Saved my writsts. Started to feel pain in my wrists after weeks of prolonged computer usage I was typing directly on my laptop keyboard and it wasn t a natural 
Met Expectations. I just bought this product a month back and I havent had any problems until now. Like someone mentioned before the storage is really 491Mb and not 512, 
Bose VCS-10 Center Speaker Review. I agree with those of you suggested that placement of the center speaker and proper adjustments to your home theater system are important factors in 
Great and solid performance. An incredible product, currently running on a home linux network, works great and stays up and working for long, even for burning CD-ROMs through NFS... Great 
Works well. Very thirsty and could be wider. It does a very good job with most images. Most people are quite surprised at the quality and it does really good 
Professional and Stylish. This bag is beautiful. It is sturdy and very professional looking, and the croc pattern of the bag makes it stylish. Another plus is it has metal 
Easy and effective. I got these headphones because my integrated sound was really fuzzy I have since fixed the problem . Installation is a snap. All I had to do 
worked well in a verizon razr phone. This card fit well behind the battery of my razr phone. It allowed me to transfer pictures and files between my computer an 
Do the job. Get them on sale. They work just as well as the bigger name brands for a lot less money.  
Amazingly wonderful!. Good equipment helps math grades better. My child is so much better now in numbers than before. All that, for a fraction. Wow  
wow. What can I say; its 100inches wow..My wife was shocked when the box showed up. very impressive mounted to the wall in the living room. its a little finicky 
Great Product for the price. Great Product. Worked right out of the box. It does all the task I wanted to do for my presentations.  
Unlike other USB Hubs. This is very well designed. It give you 4 USB Port but two on opposite sides. This is very clever becase you have plug in devices 
Excellent buy. Price and shipping are great, and memory works just like the expensive ones, only for a fraction of the price, i will keep in mind for future purchases 
Works as described. Was a little concerned that when I first plugged it in, it would not power-up. As I was getting ready to send it back it came on 
Perfect!. I LOVE LOVE LOVE it. exactly what I wanted at a price I could afford. Delivery was right on time, they even took it to my car for me 
Great for connecting turntable to PC. This works great for ripping vinyl to mp3 with the addition of a cheap Y plug cable . Just make sure you connect the 
Awesome audio accessory. Bought this item for my father for Christams. Works excellent as an accessory for indoor and outdoor speakers.  
Cool Case. Aluminum alloy is a way if you want to avoid a fan for cooling your hard-drive. This is a well design and very sleeks looking case. I have 
product worth the price. I bought this item for my son for Christmas and I think that for the price it will be just what he wanted and will work 
Garmin Mobile 10. From the hardware to the software, everything works great. I ve owned several GPS units over the years and this is by far the best. The GPS 
Works great; arrived on time. Good strong plastic. Came with rubber strips for different diameter handlebars. Was easy to install and installed in a sturdy way on my mountain bike 
good product. I use this cable to connect my laptop to my TV. It goes from the S-Video port on my laptop to the RCA-video port on my TV. With 
Garmin StreetPilot 2720 birthday gift. I purchased this item for my senior citizen husband for his 65th birthday and who spends a lot of time on the road. I asked 
Convenient and wonderful light. I have low vision and love this light. It stays on for hours and really helps while typing. If you place it at the right angle 
I never had problems with it... There are a lot of negative reviews about the Linksys Wireless-G on here, but I used mine for a year and it works great. 
Excellent Headphones. I am a mild audophile, and I love these headphones. They have great base response, treble, and isolation. If you listen to music on the bus on train 
Harmony 880 Remote Control. Easy to use, and fairly easy to set up. However, as stated in most previous reviews I read, initial setup may be a bit more challenging 
Very Fast & Quiet. A very fast & quiet hard drive! Don t forget to put pins on jumpers 5 & 6 ! I had to, To get my board 
It is great!. I received the DjMixer right on time, it was packaged well and survived the trip. Everything was included and it was new just like Amazon said it 
Very nice little radio. I just needed a small inexpensive radio with a good stereo headphone jack to listen to at work that had better reception than my iRiver music 
great switch. nice metal box, great upgrade from the Netgear EN104tp i was using previously... but im somewhat jaded as every thing on my network that ive bought instead of 
On the Contract. If you buy this service plan, print out the contract and keep your receipt. I did not purchase the plan, but looked over the contract intensely since 
good stuff. i received my mini disk player very quickly.. actually was amazed how quick i received it..ran great and just like the other i ordered i have no complaints 
WORKS WELL WITH MAC S APPLE-TALK for me . Linksys tech support assured me that their were no limitations to this gizmos ability to route ethernet signals. Sure enough, I 
THE BEST PRINTER I HAVE EVER OWNED. We bought this printer to go with the canon G2 we bought.Excellent choice.First I must say if you are considering buying it from 
Best of the cheap surge protectors. Basically it s the best mov surge protector for a laptop. mov s are little disks in the surge protector that litterally pop when 
I plugged it in, it worked fine. Bought as a backup drive for my G5 and to record audio.Nice case design, and I have it rack-mounted in my road rack.Fast, 
Nice, long-lasting batteries. Just wanted to echo what others have said, that these batteries seem to really last. I received a new camera and was using generic rechargeable batteries in 
Holds lots of pictures. We love not having to change cards constantly. It has been wonderful  
Excellent cables. As soon as i hooked up the cables, i saw a huge difference in the picture quality. I didn t notice any loss of picture quality when i 
Placement may take practice. I just purchased this unit and once I finally got it working I could not be more pleased. Just be warned that it was not as 
Perfect. This is a great sub. Good clean bass, makes music and movies become more alive. Plus I got my sub the next day after I ordered it on standard 
Best Laptop plus Bag ever. I have many laptop bags and this one is the best for traveling on planes as well as most anywhere else . It is the 
great cooler. Good product. With the looks and the performance. 2 speed to choose. small n portable. worth the money  
excellent driver. You get what you re told, this is an overall excellent driver it burns in a flash and its quite stylish  
Great sound, comfort -- quality earphones. I bought these earphones for a couple of reasons - the price was good for the brand and I liked the over the ear 
Perfect for the internet cafe. This PCMCIA card isn t the fanciest or quickest wireless adapter around, but it is a reliable performer that will connect with just about any 
Convenient hub with top ports. I bought this for the number of ports as well as the two accessible top ports. They make it easy to connect things like USB 
Tivoli Model One RocketFM = A Marriage Made in Heaven. I get my news from DemocracyNow.org daily and listen to all classical radio on the internet and was disgusted with 
Simplified my stereo system. My receiver outputs RCA sources as RCA and S-VHS sources as S-VHS. no cross converting So I was constantly switching the TV source back and forth 
Great sound!. My daughter wanted these speakers to go with her Zen MP3 player. She is thrilled with the sound and I was pleased with the price. These speakers were 
Sharp Aquos LC32D50U 32 LCD HDTV Review. Great picture quality, even on standard definition, but my Sony Bravia is slightly better with HD imaging. Display format options,however,are limited. For example, 
Good solid Yoke, the game doesn t support yokes. You can get one of three versions of this flight yoke. This one is the best of them. It has three 
lap top. 5 stars .We bought another 50 for our office.Best thing since the lap top  
Solid. This USB hub is solidly made. The unit slides on a base which can be mounted with screws. A blue light is on top. This USB hub is worth 
Very nice little radio. I just needed a small inexpensive radio with a good stereo headphone jack to listen to at work that had better reception than my iRiver music 
This cassett player is a winner. This cassett player is nicely made, good sound, light weight. I could not be more pleased with it  
Western Digital Essential My Book. Has been a very reliable external hard drive. I chose this unit over some of the others because of it s size and ease of 
DONT BUY FROM AMAZON!!!. this is a good reciver but i got it at circuit city for 120. i live in california so im not sure if they have circuit 
great buy. I felt this product was a great deal. Everything works perfect and it arrived very quickly. If your looking for a good product for your money you should 
Compact & convenient. I wish Targus made the same bag just a few inches wider. My Toshiba 2600 barely squeezes in the bag. However, it does fit and I was 
Great Bargain!!! Great product!!! Sony HDMI cables. This product is great. I purchased this for 1 4 of the price it would have cost me at a local electronics store, 
Flawless. This is the second one that I get for my office too many machines! . It worked flawlessly out of the box, just like the first  
great price, and the cables work perfectly. I have a Sony STR-K760P receiver with 6.1 channel surround. I m feeding my DVD in through digital coax, but my DirecTV and 
Flat Screen Wall Mount. This is an excellent system that is easy to install and easy to use. This is the second one I have purchased and installed and I 
So far so good. I bought this for my new white Macbook Core 2 Duo cuz I d read about the discoloration issue where the wrists rest. Application was simple 
Excellent product. I m very pleased with the D-Link 2.4GHz Omni-Directional 7dBi Indoor Antenna. I had difficulty maintaining my wireless connection throughout my home before I installed the antenna. I 
JVC. Sometimes they fall out of my ears, but the sound is really good. They play loud and clearly. Incase you didn t know these are JVC s so you 
One tiny problem. For the most part this is a good case. It protects my ipod, while allowing access to everything I need to use it. The only problem - 
Exactly what I wanted. Wow! Why didn t I get these months ago??? My amplifier is in a cabinet under my tv and for over two years I ve had 
High quality POP filter. After reading the reviews I chose this POP filter over the other obvious choices. It works very well and mounts on my proline mic stand easily. 
Works Great! Small Size makes it easy for laptop use. This is a nice little product. Does exactly what it should.  
Works great. Got this over two years ago. Have it hooked up on my roof and connected to a Delphi repeater. Get great signal throughout the house. Even in the 
Better then others. Pros-Smaller than other flash drives-Has a lock switch-Has a ring so you can hook it up with your keys.-Survived being washed in the washing machine. I waited 
Great I love it. great Product. A little expensive, but it is very nice and it works well. I have a dell E520 with windows xp service pack 2.  
Now my photos look good. I use to use a hp photosmart then I bough an Espon and the quality blows hp away  
good protection. Although it looks great on my Macbook Pro and does the protect from scratches thing, the case does hang up a little in the back making me wonder 
TERK HD Outdoor TV Antenna. The antenna placed outdoors on my roof is the best antenna that I have used in the area that I live in which is SE 
Almost perfect. CaseLogic has set the standard for media storage, and this continues the tradition. A few tweaks are needed, however. I am certain that I will soon fill the 
Works as expected. Very easy install, and worked right out of the box with no difficulties. Good thing as there are no instructions, but it s intuitive to install  
Superb sound, DVD s are fun again. 12 28 2006: Purchased on 12 26 2006, I have used the system with four DVD s with no problems. The sound clarity 
Excellent photo paper. I use this paper all the time for my competive photos for the Model Horse show hobby. On my HP Photosmart Printer they come out crisp, clean 
great quality videotape brand. TDK is a brand that offers great quality videotapes for your videotape library. I have used many TDK tapes,and I am always pleased with the quality 
Great Receiver but ZONE 2 feature is flawed. Okay this is a great receiver for most of the advertised features. I am particularly pleased with the fact that non-HDMI sources 
Memorex 32021992 Slim CD DVD 5mm 100-Pack Jewel Cases. These cases meet my need for limited storage space. The drawback is they are very fragile. However, if you can find 
Not a bad piece of hardware. I was given a Zune as a gift, recently. This isn t the first MP3 player I ve owned but it s the one 
A wonderful addition to my Blackberry Pearl. This was super easy to connect with Bluetooth and does a great job at acquiring GPS signals. It s a wonderful way to 
Flash drive works fine. This flashdrive does its job well under normal circumstances. It works fine for transfering data between computers running Windows when network is not avail, or when 
Works for us. I ve used this to burn about 3 CDs and my husband has done a couple as well. We haven t had any problem so far  
Pleased as Punch. After doing a fair amount of Internet research about MP3 players and their features I was under the impression that I would go with an iPod. Having 
Just what I needed. This was just what I needed to connect my Mac Mini mini-jack to my Sony receiver Toslink  
Fast and does what it should. A simple, cheap investment. This CF reader actually does what it should, i.e. transfer info from compact flash to the computer. Previous Kodak 1.0 
Gets out of the way and lets me take pictures. Like any good piece of technology, this card stays out of the way, operating fast I have a Canon Digital 
Works without a hitch!. I needed CDs that would work on my new Sony CD Recorder ... the Recorder will only record onto music CDs in the cda format. I 
This is nice. Well this is a quick one, this leather case is like all others but I is durable, fits the palm live drive perfectly. One thing to note 
Excellent but pricey!. This is a very good cartdrige for a very good printer. The one problem is the cost of the consumables. The ink cartridges are expensive compared witht 
Cheap, Works Great, What Else Do You Need. This product accomplishes what it is made for. It takes a headphone output and connects it to an audio input. I use 
Globalsat BU-353 Very Fast. I replaced my Deluo GPS with the Globalsat and have been very impressed at how fast it acquired the satellites. I use it with Microsoft Streets 
Must have tuner. I recently bought this tuner as my other digital tuner went out and will say it s easy to use and alot faster than my old one. 
caution. JUST SO EVERY1 KNOWS THIS IS NOT A WIRELESS SET AS DESCRIPTION SAYS !!!just the mouse is wireless not the keyboard im not big on giving reviews but figured 
It reads em all. This is a nice product,i buught it beacause i needed to play DVDs from foreign country and my fancy sony dvd vcr player can t read 
A good little mp3 player. Well, I read the reviews here and elsewhere, and noted that the newer firmware versions allow transfers to the T30 as an external flash drive, 
iHome. Im probably one of few people on here who has a positive review for this item! I got this for christmas from my dad. I believe he bought it 
Speedy. Compared to other card readers I have experienced, this one is quick and easy. much preferred method of transferring digital images. gets the job done  
Easy to organize my DVD s. Now I know what DVD s I own. This wallet allowed me to get rid of a lot of clutter. The wallet has the 
Great TV!. We got our TV that we needed when ours died. This was the perfect size for what we needed, it came quickly, and the price was right. Would 
It s HUGE!!. I did a significant amount of research before settling on the Pro9000. I knew from the customer reviews here, that this printer would be larger than I 
Replacement Plan. I haven t had the chance to use this plan yet...but I believe it is a good price for the item that I bought, and I trust that 
VHS TO DVD AND IPOD. VHS to DVD disc is just one easy setup. I set mine to record and recode just before I go to sleep. When I wake 
Solid mouse. The great thing about this mouse other then excellent tracking and great looks is that it is built to last I ve had mine about 6 months now 
Works great, nice phone. I bought these for my Vonage service about 6 months ago. I connected them behind my router, per their instructions, and was up and running within 
A must have item if you have the Picturemate Deluxe!. If you have the Picturemate Deluxe Viewer Edition portable photo printer, this battery is a must have item to make 
Works Magellan GPS. This is one of only two of six USB to serial port cords I tried that actually works with my Magellan SporTrak GPS. One of the four 
Ol Trusty. I ve been using one of these little guys for years. I think someone gave it to me as a present. I recently set up a nice new 
Not perfect, but close. I really like this bag - I bought it to use for college, which I have just recently started. It holds just about everything I could 
Good buy for a PDA GPS System. This device is terrific. I got to satisfy my two needs PDA and GPS in one device. Plus I get to place all 
Cable fine for foretrex 101. To correct the earlier comment, this cable can be useful in certain cases. I bought this cabel to use with my foretrex 101, which doesn 
Option to just music. Family member who received item as a gift is disappointed that she cannot wake up to an alarm tone, as well as to a song from 
Fast, reliable but jury s still out. I m using this card in a Nikon D200 and it s doing very well. Just had one instance yesterday where I shot 
Make Sure Your Device Is Compatible. This Will Not Work with Most SD devices on the market already. Your device MUST HAVE SDHC CAPABILITY. Normal SD devices are not compatible. 
An Executive Decision. Lexar Compact Flash Cards have a good reputation amongst many digital photography professionals. The WA write-acceleration feature provides added value to distance this card from the competition. 
Memorex Printable DVD R. The disc that I recieved where fine and performed well. Aside from the expected performance I use printable and like to have the fullest print area 
It connects to more than advertised!. I was unsure of whether to purchase this product when I saw that my printer HP Deskjet 712C was not on the list put 
Good memory card. I bought this card to go with my Canon 30D and have not been let down. I can get about 500 JPEGs and 300 RAW. SanDisk makes 
What a deal!!. Don t go to some place like Best Buy or Circuit City for an SD Card and spend 3 or 4 times as much. Just order a 
Great deal on a wonderful product. I have used about half of these batterys. Mostly in clocks and different items around the house, but also I used them in the 
Ease Convenience and Security. I have a small house. So, everything I buy is wee. I have a dell laptop, circa june 2006. It has a 40G hard drive.My husband 
card works great for me. I have a Dell Inspiron 4000 Laptop which I installed it on flawlessly, and I can also pick up most of the wireless networks in 
Sony MHCEC70 Mini Shelf System. This is an awesome little system for the size. It was easy to set up, even for an electronically challenged person like myself. A lot 
5.8GHZ Digital Sytem Cordless Handset for MD7100 Series. One of the best cordless phones I have ever purchased. I have had many cordless phones over the last 20 years and 
Big and useful. Other 4GB size, which speaks for itself, the U3 functionality helped make the purchase decision. U3 provides the ability to run standard software - internet browser, email 
So happy with my choice!. I searched and searched for the right mp3 player to use when I work out...and although this one had some bad reviews, so did all 
Original Memory Stick. Works properly. Now that the number of megapixels in digital cameras continue to increase, buying a 512mb or 1gb memory card would be a better investment. However, 
Good Deal. Item works well - charges the Zen in about 1.5 hours. Only reason that I did not rate this at 5 stars is that the LED tells you 
The APC Has Worked Flawlessly For Over 2 Years. I m not sure what happened with flagday1960 s APC UPS, but I have had mine for over 2 years and 
minor flaws. I love this product with the exception of low resolution screen and why on earth is the keyboard abcdefg... instead of qwerty? This is very strange and uncomfortable. 
great speaker for all mp3 players. Dear All:I have purchased one Banshee for myself and one for my brother. All I can say is that they sound great. Yes they 
Microphone for Mini Disc. This product is outstanding. The sound quality is excellent and the volume of the recorded sound couldn t be better. The resulting recordings are almost too 
Perfect. Did exactly what it was supposed to do. No problems at all. Much better than passing the screen to each person one by one. I love it  
It DOES work. I was initially disappointed by the yellowness of the whites produced by the Huey, but then I realized my EYES were in need of calibration. I figured 
Review from Iceland - Europe. Great sound quality. I record lectures in high school to a Sony minidisc MZ-RH910 player and I can hear every word.  
Get the most out of your system without Water Cooling. This case is a great choice for the Enthusiast gamer. It has 3 120mm fans and one huge 200mm blower. 
Fellowes Standard Foot Rest. This is a great product. It is plenty sturdy for normal wear and tear. It has helped my comfort level considerably  
Shuffle Bang&Olufsen A8 earbuds. I love my shuffle but could not stand the crummy earbuds that came with it. They were uncomfortable, fell out easily, and really hurt. I splurged 
Video Recorder for iPod nano. Love my nano...didn t need an iPod video for music, didn t like the small screen anyway...saw the iSee on iLounge a while back...liked the 
A great cycling companion. The Garmin Edge 205 is exactly what Garmin positioned it to be: a sophisticated cycle computer and training partner that derives its data from a highly-sensitive 
Sony Walkman MP3. Short and quick.Software is easy to use, but because Sony uses ATRAC, you can t play the songs on another program Windows etc. you downloaded or saved 
These Really Work. I just recieved my pair of these ear plugs in the mail today. Let me recount my experience with them...1 Place ear plugs in ears.2 Crank up 
nice product. the product is really good. Unfortunately it wasn t what i was looking fo  
Saved me from buying a new receiver. I have a 3 or 4 year old Sony A V Receiver that has one optical and one coax digital input. I needed 
good picture sound, but DVI port should have been HDMI instead. It is a good tv overall for the price. the only annoying thing is that an HDMI port is 
Works well. I was hesitant to get a screen protector for my Zen Vision: M but found that the screen is quite susceptible to scratches. I like this product because 
Sony Review. We have the set in our bedroom and have hooked it up to a surround sound system and just love it. The picture is marvelous. Two things prevent 
Very good armband. This is a great product for your mini. The armband is well-constructed from a neoprene-type material which doesn t slip when you re sweaty with heavy-duty velcro 
Does the job. It was less expensive than the others but does the job. It was a little slower than I expected but I m assuming they are all about 
I ve Always Liked TDK,. starting years ago when it was cassette tape and the first Tascam 4-track cassette machine. TDK SA-Xs always had a little more high end clarity 
Pain to figure out, but yes, it works!. You may as well pitch the instructions because they re worthless and the only reason I m not giving a 5-star rating 
Great Purchase!!. This product is as described by manufacturer. It has seven ports that all function properly, and it looks sleek on top of my desk. It does not move 
This is not the cheap armband that comes with the iRiver 7xx. This is the package that should come with the iRiver 7xx players. The MP3 holder is a thick 
Can t beat it for the price. I was a little leary of the cable due to the low price, but I gave it a shot. I m using it 
good so far. I have had this item for about 6 weeks. Haven t used to a lot, but so far I like it. This power inverter is smaller and 
Best USB KVM Ever! Tried multiple products. This is by far the best USB KVM on the market. I have tried IOGear, Belkin, and other kvms and this one shines. 
Breeze to install. My cousin asked me to purchase a mount for his new Panasonic 42 plasma, so I went with this one, becuase it is the same one they 
Memorex never a problem. Been using Memeorex s DVD-R s since 12 2003 and their CD-R s since 2001. I have never had any issue with Memeorex media so I 
I ve not used it yet but its a good idea to STAY PROTECTED. I like to purchase service or replacement contracts on all my electronics needs, just set back 
It works. It is much cheaper than the Belkin and it works both as RCA to Svideo and vice versa  
there it is. The price was right, it arrived on time, it works in my mp3 player, all good! I should buy another one  
Absolutely amazing; no 1080p but great price and quality. This is the top-ranked plasma HDTV and I m really happy with the one I bought for my home. I bought 
Works well, could be better. This remote works well and does a lot. I have 3 boxes and 2 remotes, and they all work together quite well - a pretty 
Excellent product, and I got it free!. This is a very good product, and you can get it, along with any other products on Amazon up to 500 Free! Participate 
Great Clock radio. Great sound and rectption. clock LED is a little bright and a red led would be better, otherwise it is a 5 star radi  
works great. I bought this because i didn t want a cheap device that will just sound like static when used. This works great if you have it on the 
iPod Mini Dock. This is just the dock, no cables, nothing else. This will allow you to just snap the ipod in and charge and sync it at the same 
The sound of Music. My pc did not come with speakers so these are great. Very compact and sleek looking. Highly recommende  
Excellent product. A very speedy, quiet hard drive with good looks, ideal for a professional or small company. The bright orange soft cover makes it stand out. The triple interface 
Awesome Skin...but don t plan to take it off.. I was researching iskins, and found that this was the best. It is a little difficult to put on, but fits 
great T.V. I purchased the 52inch xbr3 at christmas and it has been nothing but a pleasure viewing this T.V. Just as other people have said on here, i went 
GREAT SOUND!!!. its amazing that in these little speakers how you can hear the sound so clear and loud! love them! great buy for the price  
Great upgrade. 1st The sound quality is awesome over the standard factory head set. For the size and price you get allot. Your music will be brought to life because 
A superlative monitor!!. I got a 20 cinema display last week, and just found out that Apple dropped its monitor price. I went back to the store and exchanged this 
Polk Audio Theater. Great set of speakers, sound is crisp and loud. Bass is deep and have to turn it to low. Running the Sony 800 system. Have a 600 
Easy to install, sturdy construction. Was impressed with the quality construction of this mount. It holds my 42 plasma just a little over an inch from the wall. It comes 
Great Bang for the Buck!. I installed this unit on my HP AMD 64 X2 with a 19-inch LCD monitor. Installation was very straightforward, with no problems experienced. The unit 
Great. I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She travels a lot with her kids to sporting events sometimes in areas difficult to find. She loves the Magellan s 
Seller Delivers on Promises. Company refunded when I pointed out that Shipping and Handling charges seemed excessive, even though the charges were not from them but their supplier. They made 
samsung has amazed me again. I remember people buying samsung tvs and vcrs in late 80 s and early 90 s and it was just what they paid for... unreliable 
Case Logic DVD Storage Pages Are Great!. We are planning to live aboard a sailboat 53 in the Caribbean and needed a way to store the DVDs in a salt 
Not outstanding ..but decent value. This RCA 159 CD player is decent value, good sound reproduction up to a certain level, For those who like Loud & Bassy Boom this 
These Earbuds Are The Best. I took my MP3 player into the store with me to check out earbuds.Eveyone I tried was terrible; so I ended up buying online.I read 
Fantastic, and accomodating. Other reviews mention three cup sizes. More specifically, there are two cupholder inserts small and large , a special bottom attachment for either of those to be 
Great speakers!. The sound is great from these speakers. The bass is what I was worried about since I have a 3 4 acre back yard with virtually no trees 
Excellent player but with learning curve. I switched from a 20 GB iPod to the iAudio 6 for a more Linux friendly player, but what I got was much more! 
Works great. I am using the CF card in a mictrotek digital recorder. Works just great  
really nice for the price. most comfortable experience i ve had at this price range . unfortunately my job is a bit on the physical side and after the cord 
Restored my DVD player to working condition!. I have a Sony DVD player from about 4 years ago that was top of the line at the time, and would still 
Good buy. These CDs are always a great price and a good buy, no complaints  
Reciever. This is a great reciever for the price, The only thing I would mention is that you need a good powered sub to complete your system. The reciever only 
Nice, sleek, secure. This is a well made product. It has a fit and finish far above the common tubular key locks that I have used in the past.The disk 
Surprisingly good. I do agree with previous reviewers that the size is deceiving. That s why I don t give it 5 stars.The price is right if you also get 
Great for any budget. This is very nice printer I must say...Prints fast, quiet, and sharp. I guess the only gripe would be no printer cable included, I mean who 
Inexpensive iPod dock delivers on promises. I was wary about purchasing this item because I could find no formal reviews discussing it online, and the price was too good to 
stereo mic. It clearly catches vocals and sound with stereo input to the recorder. It is a powerful microphone which also picks up ambient sound. The tie clip is adjustable 
Folding Stereo. This arrived in decent time, however I was disappointed with the product. Note you need a special cord, or else it takes 4 triple-A batteries.  
Look at each negative reply--Marketing blah blah. Don t be fooled by the naysayers on the Bose speaker systems, especially the Acoustimass satellite systems. These speakers will blow you away 
works great with my palm TX. I love my 2 GB SD memory card. I use it all the time and have had no problems with it  
Nice Office Speakers. Amazon has a nice price on the JBL Duet Speakers July 2006 - 36.95 dealmac is a site I used and returned to amazon.I purchased these for 
Low price made me put off waiting. I planned on waiting several more months before buying an HDTV to see if prices came down further. This was so cheap and 
Good replacement headphones. Good sound ,comfortable feel,reasonable price.They only lasted 9 months but they lasted longer than my last 3 pairs of sony in the ear headphones.The cord is extra 
Magnavox PMDVR8 8-Device DVR. I have a directv Hughes TIVO, a JVC Amplifier, a Panasonic 30 HD widescreen TV, a Go-Video DVD VHS player, and a Panasonic DVD recorder. This 
Pretty Amazing!. I purchased this player because of the CNET review. This is an amazing device. I m so impressed. It has powerful sound effects and plays OGGs as well. 
Best in Class. If you own a Canon digital camera this printer is great. It is portable and makes great prints. People think they are from a photolab. It is 
Philips MCM275 is great. I bought this unit as gift for my sister for her kitchen and I think its awesome. MP3 & WMA disc capable for when I come 
Great Product!. The iSkin is great. I love the color too! ... it is NOT hard to get the ipod into the case, I did it while I was walking 
it works fine. It s a mount. It works. It s sturdy. I think it was pricey but I needed it for the projection unit  
fast delivery, good product. shipping was outrageous, thought it qualified for free shipping since it is the size of a F n postage stamp, but i ended up paying 1 
Great card, works out of the box. I bought this wireless card because I found some linux site saying it was compatible with most distros. Installing Ubuntu, it worked without 
Excellent product... great store. Great sound... beautiful display... just dont forget to buy de ipod interface adaptor..  
Good deal. It was really cheap, the cheapes around. Also it works fine, no complaints. But it looks a little weird, the packaging and the sticker on the card. Maybe 
Work Great. These mini s work great, and they are rewriteable. I had to try them on a class video till I got it right and they play in the 
It works. What can I say, this gizmo works...it s awkward, but it works. I personally think you shouldn t be looking at a tiny gps screen while you re 
Works like a champ. I have had no problems with the Secure Digitial Card from Kingston. It has performed properly for my camera and computer for transferring the pictures. Highly 
Quite satisfactory - full bass - good clarity. Back in the 1980 s I purchased an Awia portable stereo cassette player walkman based on it s superior sound at least 
Top 40 for the over forty . We received the Leadsinger kit last Christmas and have really enjoyed it a lot. My family ages are: 50 year old Dad Me 
Extends Photo Taking Capability. I am most pleased to have this larger capacity memory card as it gives me more space to capture memories.  
It DOES install maps. As per the reviewer below, I can confirm, it does indeed install maps. Why does Garmin says it doesn t? Because they don t want you 
Good cooling. I use this with a Dell 8200. It reduced CPU, GPU and HDD temperature down by 10 degrees C. The unit comes with an external power adaptor and 
Excellent projector for the Price. I have purchased 3 of these for business conference rooms and I own one personally. For the cost, I have not found a better projector. 
The Reason For Matte Black. Due to the way inks are made Epson has found it necessary to micro-encapsulate the Photo Black ink. The reason for doing this was to 
High Performance Active remote external GPS Antenna for Magellan RoadMate...Works!. I tend to be skeptical when a product claims it can increase performance. I have a reason to be. I 
An IPOD MUST HAVE!. ok so heres the deal, i was very skeptical about buying a scratch remover for my ipod video so i did more research. i came across 
Crosley 302 Wall Phone CR55 Brushed Chrome. I was very pleased with the quality and look of the Crosley Wall Phone. I would highly recommend the phone  
Numark PT01 a great portable turntable. Great component for transfering LPs to digital. Very compact and easy to use! No problems here  
Funky Power. I m not sure whether I like the fact that once you turn it on, you can never turn it off -- only put it on stand-by with 
Great for Audible Books!. After my old Creative Muvo finally died it lasted 4 years , I went to the .... site looking for replacement options.The .... lists more than 
Perfect for the kitchen or bedroom. Purchased this HDTV DVD combo for my Dad s kitchen and he loves it. The DVD player handles almost every imaginable multimedia format including 
huge rugged and quiet, I love it. This offers great storage for video editing and is good for backup files can be slow at times but I give it a 
lexar jumpdrive. This is truely an awesome product, it is so easy to use and holds a ton of data.  
I love my EarThumps!!!. I love my EarThump Earphones!!! They fit my ears the smallest of the three sizes , and their sound is great too. Before I found them, 
Doing the job. Doing the job but not user friendly. Plan to spend a lot of time studying the manual, which is poorly written.  
Overall very good for the price. I agree with many of the other comments. On screen channel display too small to read, perceptable delay when changing channels, lowest volume level 
Good lock but not easy to set up. The Microsaver looks to be constructed with tough materials. Struggled with the setup direction  
Handiest gadget ever. My husband and I were on a cross-country flight, with different brands of headphones, and we each had our own volume control. How clever  
garmin user. Wonderfull training device, i have not started using the virtual trainer but can t wait to start  
easy to use. bought one for my college daughter, installed it prior to her leaving. She was amazed to turn on her computer at the airport and was immediately connected 
Adorama Slinger Bag GREAT . I purchased the Adorama Slinger Bag after first purchasing the Tamrac Velocity 5. The Tamrac bag is a nice bag and can be worn as 
Finally, an s-video rca cable that works!. After struggling with many plugs and cables that claim to convert S-video to RCA that didn t work as advertised, I finally came 
Small Business Purchase. We have a small company but still print copy fax alot of paperwork. Before, we just had a regular copy machine where you had to physically put 
Very effective. I built a HTPC and was unable to playback video due to high cpu temperatures locking the PC up. This combined with Arctic Silver 5 thermal compound lowered 
BIG IS GOOD. i used this fan on a FX 55 chip, and it works perfectly cool,quite but big, i have a thermaltake Damier tower, a bit bigger then the 
Awesome headset. This is bar far the best headset that i have ever heard. great for gaming  
A good deal. This battery was about ha;f the cost that VTech was charging and it is identical to the original ... just as the vendor promised.  
A Great Toner Cartridge, A Very Poor Choice for Spacefighting. This cartridge works very well and lasts a LONG time if you are printing with it, but it DOESN T 
Great labeler!. I have an older model of this labeler and really like it. When I ordered this newer model, I was worried that it would be too full of 
works as expected. not much to say about an antenna except that it works as expected. The seller was prompt on delivery. No issues with seller or item  
Best 24 Monitor Ever!. I can t say enough good things about the 24 Samsung 244T. Super bright! No dead pixels, & my HD video never looked so good  
self-adhesive tabs = velcro. I don t know how I missed the obvious in the description. Basically, the case requires that you put the velcro strips in the back of 
This subwoofer is awesome!. My wife bought this subwoofer for me for Christmas. I couldn t wait until Christmas to hook it up. When I did hook it up and 
MOGo Mouse, Wireless 2-button Bluetooth Mouse. Interesting concept of rechargeable Mouse working off of bluetooth technology and charged via PCMCIA slot in laptop. Makes portability with laptop go easier. Mouse 
Another great product from Sharp. The LC37D43U is my second Sharp Aquos this year and I have to say that I cannot think of any reason to purchase any other 
great Little IPOD. I now own an IPOD nano and this IPOD shuffle both are awesome. The Shuffle is great for jogs and long trips when you have to move 
Great for business meetings. with over 3 hours recording time,these are great. I use them for meetings. No problems or errors  
Great!. This is a great item. I got it because my built in DVD-RW broke. I love the lightscribe feature. The quality is great  
crisp clear sound. these monster connecter audio cables brings out the sound that u need from ur theater soun  
Great Product. I normally don t write reviews but this HK Receiver works great for our very basic system. We are not high tech stereo people, we just enjoy some 
Great Sounding Speakers. I was skeptical about buying these speakers. After all,I was replacing 25 year old 27x18-54lbs speakers. I was impressed with the sound. We placed them in 35x45 
TDK 160 Minute VHS Videotapes. I use these tapes everyday taping the Soaps for my Mom while she sat work, and when our family goes on vacation for a week 
Hewlett Packard C6614AN Black InkJet Cartridge No. 20 . This black cartridge gives crisp clear text and images. It is excellent for the home or small office environment. Additionally it 
BEST SHOWER RADIO EVER!. Sony ICF-S79V Shower Radio is the best shower radio that ever made. This Radio is far better than any of the Sharper Image shower CD radios 
It does its job... at a rather high price. This does exactly what it is supposed to do: Charge the Zune. I m not sure if you could use it 
Works flawlessly with Canon SD800 IS. I bought a 1GB regular speed card to use with my camera Canon SD800 . The video with the regular card was a little 
small is beautiful. Don t expect great sound. But it works, it goes anywhere, and it s fairly cheap. For taking your iTunes, etc. with you, and getting it out 
Great product for the price. This is a great product for the price paid 39.99 with free shipping .It plays burned MP3 and regular CDs without any problem. It will 
Big Footprint but Great Printer. My criteria for my new printer purchase was:1. 11x172. individual inks3. reliable printer company4. easy installation good customer service5. price this was a bit pricey 
Value for money. Nothing great - don t expect to have long-life and high drain. But if you want a bunch for use in all the kids toys, clocks, alarms... 
One great headphone. The dt880 s are awesome headphones. The bass can be very heavy with bass-heavy songs, and earth shattering during orchestral pieces. I can hear details in the 
Better value than standard size replacement ink. Replacement inks are very expensive and only last a short time. The high capacity replacement cartridge is very reasonably priced, lasts much longer 
Love it. I love it, but I think I would like the the 80GB ipod  
Love this receiver. This serves us very well. Easy to set up, works well with all our components. Couldn t ask for a better receiver in this price range.  
Great Sound. I wasn t expecting much from these little speakers, but I must admit that I ve never heard music sound so clear before. Granted, I ve never owned 
TDK 50 Pack cdr media for music. Purchased 200 TDK CDR S FOR MUSIC THERE PERFECT RECIEVED THEM IN A FEW DAYS AM COMPLETELY SATISFIED. WILL ORDER AGAINGeorge New Jerse 
Help!. I love this device it works perfect for capturing off of a dvd camera, but if I try capturing video off of my TV...do I need to output it 
Great product for the price. I bought this item after reading the reviews on here and found that it s a great product, made very well and nice long cord 
pretty good. this charger even with a battery cover, but i think the purpose is to protect it from dust. it s getting hot during recharging but not as hot 
Pretty Good for the price. I don t have a lot of experience with these so I did alot of research to find that this system had a lot of 
MP3 Player... This is a pretty good MP3 player. It takes both MP3s and the WMA files generated from Windows Media Player, and doesn t need you to run a 
Simple and accurate!. Simple to use and very accurate. The only thing I don t like is that there is no on off button. It is always on and ready 
Buy This MP3 Player For Starters. I will buy an IPOD in due time, but for right now, the SanDisk Sansa is the perfect one start off with. I didn 
Protects nicely; very tight. Although advertised as a sleve, this is more like a zip-able briefcase. I was pleasantly surprised by how tough and protective the case is. Corner protection, 
Excellent upgrade. I had an older Sony receiver over 10 yrs old that I discovered did not have a subwoofer output. So, to fully use the new sub I had 
Casio SA-75 review. I bought this keyboard for my grandchildren in CT. My husband and I visited them this last week-end. We enjoyed the quality of the sound. It sounded 
It is the DAC, not the cable that makes the difference. Many people seem confused about what makes such a big difference in the two different ways to connect an 
Does the trick inexpensively. I bought one of these to illuminate my Ebay items for sale. Needless to say, that since I paid 99 for this wonderfully simple, effective, lighting 
Great joystick for flight sims. I ve been using CH Products joysticks for about 15 years now and think they are great. I use the product Flightstick USB Pro primarily 
Nextar 256 MB MP3 Player. Cute, reliable, compact and easy to use. The only thing I did not like is that it is not compatable with Napster  
Protects my stuff. I have had three of these units for the past 5-6 years one for my PC, one for the wife s and one for the Tivo & 
 Fantastic Radio . I wanted a quality radio with simple controls for the kitched counter, but I never expected such amazing sound. It meets or exceeds my every expectation 
PORTABLE DVD PLAYER CASE KOSKIN PDVK-2 by Case Logic Fits My Polaroid PDX-0073: 7 Portable DVD Player barely but perfectly . My DVD player s dimensions follow: 9 wide x 
Best Earbuds I Have EVER Owned. I have had an iPod mini for over a year now and everyone knows iPods come with the classic white Apple earbuds. Well, one 
Impressed!. Great product! Even though I hate the thought of buying a new HP printer since you can get refurbs for half the price I am happy with this product. 
WOW, I never knew TV could be this good. Awesome TV, Great Amazon service!!I love watching TV now, but you have to get the HiDef. hookup, it s amazing. I 
Great DVDs. First Time user of memorex. A friend recommended them. works absolutely perfect. used over 30 of these dvds with only 4 defectives burns and that was because of 
This cable... ...works! It s a coax cable. Hard to mess up. And they didn t charge too much. Go team  
A SOLID SYSTEM. Hands down, this is the best budget stereo system for the price. Period.  
buy this if you want bass. this is direct compare to sony mdr888 50 and shure E4C 300 with all the headphone i got, those are the only 3 i 
Huge Improvement. Great inexpensive upgrade for recent games. My GeForce 5200 was supposed to work with Civ IV, but was terribly sluggish and after a few minutes displayed an unusable 
These DVD disks will outlast me! No problems on a Mac. I did a good deal of research online, looking for archival quality DVD media that would last longer than 
Great Batteries!. I Own several different brands of AA, AAA NIMH rechargeables which I use for my photographic equiptments. I always have to charge them before I use them to 
Flash Card. I had no problems with this card and the delivery was prompt...Thank You Muc  
A SanDisk Fan. I have always been very pleased with the SanDisk products. I would highly recommend them  
Great drive. My purpose for finding an external drive was probably different from most people s - I needed a drive that would work on Linux SuSE, specifically , and 
Good quality. It came with the specfied length. It is able to produce good picture quality. It worked great for my home theatre setup!  
Awsome. For the past 5 years I had built a system composed of polk speakers for the front and center channels, but never got around to puchasing the rears. I 
Wonderful Batteries. These batteries are great, and seem to fit my Rio 500 better than some discount batteries. Good price too  
Excellent. I received this item rather quickly and was surprised at the speed since it came from someone other than Amazon. My only suggestion that I could give would be 
Monster Cables are Very Very Good. I bought various monster cables and they work great. Most important is a monster S video cable for the cable box or satellite box 
I love my Pixma MP500. This was my first Canon product. My previous printers where HP with a HP scanner. I feel this MP500 all in one is a great 
Works great!. This thing works just fine. I have some occasional problems where I have to change the station, but apparently that is a problem with all ipod transmitters except 
Works like a charm. My Toshiba laptop has only one Ctrl key for the left hand, none for the right. And, of course, I am also missing a numeric keypad 
Memorex M Flyer. Pros:Slim profile. Allows it to fit into USB port with little competition with other devices in neighboring ports.Fairly rugged.Software seems to work well.Cons:Difficult to retract into case.Lanyard 
Good Item. Overall this is a nice Ext HD. I personally liked the quality and design of the tool. However, some minor things I did not like:1- The electrical plug-in 
Great Travel DVD Player. This ultra compact DVD player is the best for travel. It stores easily in any bag or carry-on. It plays different formats, and comes with both 
great. Definitely recommend these CD-R s. The price is great for so many CD s. Memorex brand never disappoints. I ve been burning with Memorex CD s for a year 
Great Size. I totally love this Cd Wallet- it is not too big and not too small. The construction of this piece is very sturdy. I ve owned this for 
My First GPS and I was using it in 2 minutes. I recently purchased this item from Amazon after an extensive search and a ton of comparison shopping. I d 
Finally a mouse without annoyances. I ve gone through about 6 different mice, and each one had their pros and cons mostly cons . I finally found the MX518, and 
Easy to use router. I was very happy with the ease of setup for this router. I went with this brand because of prior experience with Linksys and very happy 
Sony MiniDisk. This I consider an good product, but what I like to make enfansis is in the outstanding service I got from Amazon and its delivery system, excellent. 10 
Why would you wait 5 months to ask for a product review?. Why would you wait 5 months to ask me for a product review?yeah its a great product. in 
Good value for money. I think for 19.99 a pop, this is a great buy from Amazon.Works as expected both on the wall as well as on a speaker mount.Good 
It was great. I really liked the sharpies that I bought. They were excelent, Came in a good conditio  
decent extra phone memory. This card greatly increases the amount of memory I have to work with in my phone. It tends to stick in the phone, but I think 
Makes notebook computer use easier at my desk. This item is extremely easy to set up and use. Does just as advertised, the notebook screen is up closer to eye 
these make great prints. and are easy to load, but expensive, they get over really fast -- on the positive side, you only fill upthe colors you run out of 
it rocks!. Okay, so this is my first ipod, which means I may be somewhat easily impressed. Regardless, I m VERY happy with my purchase. My only complaint would be 
Eforcity s Chill Pad Laptop Dual Fan Cooler. This cooler is great! It fits nicely on my lap and desk. It s also the perfect size for my Dell XPS 
Belkin F5D7010- Great Value-Low Price. I have two of these cards, both bought from Amazon. The cards install very easily with the supplied software. I use the Windows 2000 system 
Works for me. I have not owned that many ear buds but I enjoy what I get from these. I have always had issues with the ear bud covers falling 
I love it. I have on of these that I ve used on a Titanium PowerBook G4 for a years and I love it. I ve also used it on 
athlon 3200 winchester core. Used with ABIT AN8 motherboard.Started off ok with two 512Mb double sidedPNY Pc3200 DIMM s no problems.Good performance and will take someoverclocking.Runs between 90 and 100 
iPod mini???. Great product. Quality sound, and it functions nicely. Except for the fact that I have an iPod mini. It does not come with an insert for the iPod 
Excellent, worth the money!. For 3 years, I have used an Aiptek hyperpen tablet. It was jittery and the stylus was large and akward to hold, but I thought all 
SONY 40V2500. THE SONY 40V2500 IS A REALLY GREAT HDTV. PURCHASED DIRECT FROM AMAZON AND WOUND UP WITH A GREAT PRICE WITH FREE DELIVERY AND TAX FREE. A LITTLE PATIENCE 
Panasonic 5.8GHz phones. I got so confused about the Panasonic battery issue, that I called my battery store. They said the Metal-Hydride had less of a problem with being left 
Great value. Very well designed CD changer that works. It s design also makes it easier to use. The best I ve had  
Nice mount!. About as close as you can get to the wall with a brand name mount. Worst Buy sells these for at least twice the price.Sanus rocks  
zune rocks. I am using my second zune, and is awesome. The first one got broken almost the day after I received it. Amazon did a good job replacing the 
Excellent FM Transmitter for any MP3 Player. I used this item for my car Navigator, which is also an MP3 player. The transmitter is very clear and you cannot detect 
How can you go wrong?. I bought this printer for my wife to keep on her nighttable when the old Epson printer she had ran out of ink. I priced 
Great sound for the money. This is an amazing value. I was all set to purchase the same system on eBay when I checked Amazon. Not only was the price 
Works great right out of the box!. This product has definitely been worth what I paid for it. The capture quality is as good as the display on a regular 
Flash Card. I had no problems with this card and the delivery was prompt...Thank You Muc  
Good IEMs for the price. I ve recently bought several pairs of headphones to go with my IPod and AM FM pocket radio and replace an ancient pair of Koss 
Good unit, I use it to stream on the net. I bought this weather radio to stream on the internet 24x7. The built-in antenna is not very good but it 
Quality vs. copactivity. This s-750 system,, Wow!!! I have this sucker hooked up to my home entertainment system via a Creative DDTS-100 decoder. I was in an electronics store in 
Basic CB gets the job done. I installed my Midland 1001Z 40 Channel CB with Channel 9 Switch and PA on my PT Cruiser about 6 months ago. It s 
SanDisk 2 GB Ultra II Memory Stick Pro Duo. fast and reliable..well worth the mone  
Works well - lots of features. I ve held off reviewing this item until I actually got some alerts - and I got plenty of them over the weekend, so 
Hard to find item. I am very happy that I got this cable on Amazon at such a great price. If you go to an electronics store, these cables will 
A great cartridge for the old 78s!. A friend recently gave up his fathers old 78s which had gems from Caruso to Spike Jones. It was quite a find but 
Finally, a print server that really works. This little guy really works!!! Set up is painless, the manual is well written. It appears trendware put some effort in making the 
Great Little Product for the iPod. Just purchased this inexpensive little unit and am amazed at the sound quality for such small speakers. It does just what it s intended 
Pleased but not ecstatic. I am happy with the very pleasant sound, the wood cabinet and the subdued appearance of my Model Two with a subwoofer. It is fine for 
Good TV, Bad Service. The remote receiver on the TV side did not work. Have to change channels volume by going up to the TV. Called Bill Dixon for service 
Xrteme X-Fi hi-fi!!. First off, not a perfect product far from infact, takes a bit of tinkering to work right and the instructions arn t really clear. I had the 
Reasonably priced DVI cable. Unlike the chain stores, the price on this item is reasonable. I really don t care what the name of a cable is as long as 
still shining. I gave this light 60 cranks last night and set it next to my bed expecting it to go out in 10-15 minutes; 90 minutes later I went 
Save your money and buy this one. Don t fall for the Monster-cable hype: this is a much less expensive alternative to their stupidly massive cables, and the SAME yes, 
Great PQ. This is a great tv The picture quality is exceptional, I order this thur amazon and they did a great job with shipping it came in days before 
Panasonic SL-SX480A Portable CD Player, Blue. This is the best sounding portable CD player I have ever heard. The sound and the bass is superb. The headphones are comfortable. I 
Great Transaction. The product was mailed in a timely fashion and when received, it was the same product that was advertised on Amazon  
Very good TV, Eagle not so good. I ordered this TV on 3 11 and received on 3 15 so the delivery was very fast. Eagle called to set up 
Great Phone System. I do love the system as a whole. Easy to use, nice looks and very comfortable handsets. The expanded handsets may leave some little things to be 
awesome, compact and fast. After struggling with a variety of flash drives for my P.C. and Mac, I found the Kingston 1 GB Mini Fun Data Traveler USB flash drive. 
Very Good Quality. We have found this light to be of very good quality. When purchasing, we also considered a similar light by Black & Decker. This light seemed to 
Good, but not excellent. I m fan of Intel motherboards, but this one is not of the better, specially their LAN perfomance. The internet response is slow  
Does almost everything I asked for. This HD works great yet the Retrospect program that comes with it is not. Yet I just use SuperDuper instead  
great item. Even tho it s not an ipod or one of the newest types of music players, this mini disc player is great. Make your own mix of music 
Very good. This recorder is great. I use mine to record music and the sound is great. Great item  
works flawlessly. used without a hitch. what more needs to be said. sync time was cut in half compared with the serial cable sync time. recommend highl  
Great!. I am the same grandmother that is TERRIBLY DISSAPOINTED with the same product that had TV and karaokee in the system.This CD player I bought for each of my 
Works great. The projector works great. It took me awhile to figure out how to work it and I had to call Epson once, but once I got it going 
An excellent choice for an external hard drive. There are numerous external hard drives for sale. I looked at some of them and concluded that WD s My Book is 
Very small .. slow only when writing a group of small files. I like the size. The speed on reading and writing is usually just fine, but when writing a 
Small but mighty. Works excellent. Just got it. Plugged it right into my notebook and BAM it works just fine. Small, I wouldn t recommend it for long use, but 
Excellent for the price. This Sony has everything a beginner or second level buyer would want. More than adequate inputs including phono which are missing on most receiver costing hundreds 
really cool toy. Today is my birthday and my dad got me this phone. I test-called him and the sound is perfect. It DOES have Caller ID. When the phone 
Shipped. I just got my email saying it shipped and am tracking it to receive it tomorrow, so look for similar ones  
Great invention!. This little unit is great. We re able to use our existing surround sound speakers to enjoy our music. The on-screen menu and remote is also a nice 
Seagate usb firewire external hard drive. This Hard drive is wonderful, I purchased according to the reviews of other websites discribing the durability, reliability and simplicity of this product... I 
great product. may be some problems with the light sensor, otherwise it is a good produc  
Kensington laptop stand. I have cervical degenerative disk disease and this stand allows me to sit comfortably without flexing my neck to look down at the screen of my laptop. 
Mini Power Strip. This item is perfect for the road warrior that always needs more outlets in a hotel room to plug in all the ac toys  
Ricardo Antonio computer backpack. Very beautiful and it is like a mother s hart, you always can put something more  
Great Product. I read all the other reviews before I purchased, and I m glad that I did not listen to the unfavorable ones. I have had no negative issues; 
Happy Customer. Unit installed in seconds with no false starts or headaches of any kind. The base is wide and heavy and when placed on a mouse pad doesn t 
It Rocks. It is the best CPU ever made, I always love intel, and now I`m crazy in love for it  
Box on Box. First I bought the model one radio and then I bought the cd player. Good stuff however I don t like the multiple box concept. For the 
Great Stereo Component. This is actually the second RCDW500C I have purchased. The first is still working, but it has so many miles on it that I wanted to have 
None tougher than Fellowes. I wanted a safe place to store my CD-R backups of albums that I own, so I decided to shop for a real CD album. I 
Good, solid KVM switch. The D-Link DKVM-4K is a solid PS 2 KVM switch that supports monitor keyboard mouse sharing between up to 4 PCs. It is ideal for home 
Synchs as it should but no power. The USB cable synchs your iPaq as you would expect it to do. It does NOT charge your iPaq though so you ll 
What are the differences between the S400 and S2010 series?. Could someone please tell me the differences between the S400 and S2010 series LCD televisions? From what little I could 
Perfect price, perfect package, perfect performance. For the purpose of this review, I am discussing the Uniden GMR1038-2CK radios with recharging base. Please note that some of the reviewers here 
A very nice charger. Overall a very nice charger, though recharge times aren t even close to what is advertised. The display is very nice as is the ability to 
Almost completely satisfying!. The gel wrist-pad is very comfortable. The mousepad has a very nice covering to prevent it from getting dirty or greasy easily, BUT the mousepad could have 
Not a lot to say, but... This carrying case is well-made and quite durable - it fits on a belt properly too. The one rather strange thing about it is 
for commuters and travellers everywhere. How often are you on the way to work or to a meeting and you end up getting stuck in the traffic jam of the 
great safety item. Got this as a gift for my soldier daughter who was on her way overseas. She has already used it and been proud she has it. That 
Fabulous iPod case, fits 30 gigs too!. I have a 30 gig iPod and this leather case fits great! All of the openings are in the right place, the protective 
Great addition to your walkie-talkie when ATVing. My wife and I use these with our Midland radios when ATVing and are a great investment for closed faced helmets. The only 
Pullin no punches. This emergency radio is aptly named - used only for emergencies! Rich in features but cheap in construction = keeps it affordable ~ 50 so you can 
Excellent product!!. I have a 30gig viveo and my wife has a new shuffel. This product works well with both. The usb port is compatable with all Ipods. Charges 30gig 
Business person carry case. This bag was purchased for a 15.4 inch notebook computer for the following reasons: 1 While in transit I am able to open it and enjoy 
Great Phones Siemens. I just bought this phone plus E45 and are loving them. We use to have an older Siemen phone and were unhappy when the base died. We 
The price is right. I wish these would last longer. I wish they were cheaper. But that said, and we all know what s going on here with printers and 
Won t require redesigning your living room. First, ignore the photo of a Tivoli Model One that Amazon has mistakenly matched up with the Tivoli black Pal. It s safe 
Great color. Handles small paper 4. I have a love hate relationship with this printer.First, the good features:1 Superb color. Hard to beat.2 I ve never experienced a clogged print 
excellent soundcard. There is some misinformation posted here. First, buyers beware is incorrect. The card he is referring to is the XtremeAudio. This card - the XtremeGamer - is the 
.49 cents delivered! Such a deal!. These went on sale for .49 cents so I bought 10. 4.99 delivered for 10 with my Amazon Prime.. sweet  
Fabulous Ink!. I can t believe I am the first person to review this ink! It s really great ink. First, it s not messy and comes in a little 
DVD Express Unit. I have lots of analog video tapes from the 80 s and onwards. This device works very well in transferring them. The video & audio are in 
Works great. Added this stick of ram with another ultra 1GB stick with at fx60 cpu. No problems and running quick  
Incredible picture! with one flaw on old DVDs. The other effusive reviews are spot-on... the picture is fabulous on new DVDs Lord of the Rings, Nemo, Harry Potter . A 
Pretty Good. I recieved my player in mid-april and i am very pleased with it, the reason i gave it four stars is becuase sometimes the screen blurs alot until 
Solid Value Labeler. For the price, this labeler exceeded my expectations. My main concern was having the ability to print different font sizes and having labels that stick. This met 
Perfect Mouse for Mac!. Price is better than the Apple mouses. Great performance and good quality overall. Reccommended 100  
HP quality displayed once again. I primarily purchased this DVDrw drive to edit burn video taken with my Canon mini-DVD recorder. Installation was simple, I just swapped out my old 
buy this one without a second thought!!!. i have so far owned and used mapopolis,tomtom,delorme,navigon navigator 5 and iguidance 2.1.3, i can tell you ......just go ahead and get this 
True plug-and-play. I used Lexar Media Multi Card REader in my P2120 Fujitsu laptop via a USB 2 PC-Card adapter. It s truly plug-and-play without any need of drivers in 
the best mp3 player for the active person. Excellent sound,with various equalization settings and WOW SRS. Hard and sturdy case, scratch resistant. Highly customizable, it even let you work out 
amazing unit. I bought this for my girlfriend - and once I turned it on, I was absolutely astounded at the incredible sound quality this baby packs given such a 
works great, good price. Great price for a 128MB jump drive, works perfectt for my daughters college work, such a good price I bought  
Power UPS! Everything you need to know. Power UPS! Everything you need to know.First of all why do you want a power UPS? There are some very good reasons. 1 
Pleased with Sony MDR-EX71SL Headphones. I was pleased with the price, happy with the time of delivery, and so far have had no issues with the quality of these headphones. 
Light stereo, great for price. Not quite as powerful as I was hoping for, but the sound is alright and in a small room it ll do fine.Careful, there is 
Okay- as good as any other antenna. It provides the same channels and reception like all others. And sadly, for me, I have to adjust the antenna for every different 
Solid and dependable. I m just like you.I check the reviews on Amazon when I m shopping an item, to get a realistic cross-section of opinions. Throw out the really 
Great Low Profile 1394 FireWire PCI Card. Quick and easy installation. Windows XP Pro automatically detects and installs the required driver. Included in the package: 3 4 low profile bracket 
Says what it does, does what it says. This device works well to integrate Bluetooth headset technology into my home office. I paired it with an AT&T Model 959 phone 
Excellent omni directional mic. This is a great mic as long as you remember that is is an omni directional sound pickup device, so yes, it will pick up sounds 
It Has Everything. I use it for the computer monitor, Playing Xbox, and watching Digital cable. It was well worth its price and highly recommend it to anyone. Excellent picture 
Works well, seems reliable. I bought this TDK 3-pack 8cm DVD-RW discs for my Panasonic VDR-D300 camcorder. I ve been using two of the three discs; haven t opened the 
lite-on external dvd burner. very surprised how great it works, can t beat it for the .  
D-Link is tops. I had been using a Belkin F5U021 4-Port hub. My computer was constantly reporting Low USB power, I d have to unplug something to get something else 
Great Product; Great Features. There are so many GPS units out there that choosing the right one was difficult. I was looking for specific features: Portability, FM Traffic Road Conditions, 
Well utilized space, lots of handy pockets, easy to carry on shoulders or by hand. I ve had about 4 different laptops and so 4 different laptop bags in the 
Nice. I bought this model on clearance a month or so ago. Its nice, and I like the mic in port which allows me to capture audio from a TV, 
Good product; easy to use. I ve been using this for a few weeks without any problems. I m mainly using to transfer files. It is a little bigger than 
Power UPS! Everything you need to know. Power UPS! Everything you need to know.First of all why do you want a power UPS? There are some very good reasons. 1 
Excellent product, Excellent service from Amazon !. Excellent service from Amazon, Best quality in lowest price, I am really very happywith Amazo  
Runners need this!. This device is awesome. I absolutley highly recommend it, especially since I used it on the treadmill and discovered the treadmill, all this time, has given me 
What A Deal. I bought this to hook up to my PS3 and I got it last week. out of the box HD picture quality is excellent, Resistance and NBA 
Great but somewhat pricey mouse. I bought this mouse for use my Macbook pro and to replace my aging desktop PC mouse. It works wonderfully for both the MacOS and 
Sirius Radio Antenna. The Terk SIR6 is an excellent product. We were experiencing reception problems and purchaed the Terk SIR6 to help resolve the problem. It was very easy to 
Good mouse. This is a good mouse. I have it for over one year already, and it still works perfectly. I use it over different surfaces, like bed, sofa, wood 
APC Biometric Mouse Review. Last month I bought a new laptop. It s a Gateway CX200S convertible. The convertible part means that it can convert from a notebook to a 
Excellent protection with good looks!. Yes, good looks! That is precisely what I want to say. The image featured here does not really do justice to this product.I recently bought 
Heart Rate Monitor Makes the Difference. If you are interested in the GPS aspects of the device, you can read the other reviews--like they nearly all say, the 205 and 
Rock n rock speakers. Great value. Capapble of handeling volume. Nice sound. Makes a nice addition to backyard living!  
great space saver. I was having difficulty with the fact that the wrt54gs did not have its own place space. After surfing through amazon I found this wall mount that 
LOVE IT!. I can t say how much I really like this transmittor. I love the adjustable cable that keeps the ipod from bouncing all over the place. It is 
Great product for the computer illeterate. I don t know anything about computers and especially connecting them. I was scared to death to do this alone. I called my cable 
Simple If You Read Directions. I purchased this even after reading the number of bad reviews. I figured at the 79.99 price, what the heck. I have been pleasantly surprised.No 
Works as advertised. Great way to add hard drive capacity at a reasonable cost. I bought this as an add-on to a new laptop as I was planning on doing 
Simply the best!. I have a HP Photosmart 1115 printer. There s no other ink cartridge I would trust with my printer than HP. The colors are exceptional and you 
Will it work for PS3?. I have been using it for the PS2 for several years and I love it.Now, I just got the PS3 so I wonder if it 
Great Table for Either TV or Stereo Equipment. Purchased item for small flat screen tv and stereo equipment. It worked great considering the small space I had available. Easy to 
Great value for the money!. I have a Sony Cybershot DSCP-100, I love the camera and use it for taking SCUBA Diving pictures. I bought this memorystick duo to use 
Nifty Little Gadget. This is a great label maker for its 19 price tag. I ve seen this exact model selling for as much as 49, so this really is 
t amp is incredible!. I got this amp to power some speakers hooked up to the computer. For only 30 this set up sounds way better than my home stereo 
Best adapter to get. This was the best adapter I bought besides the large dvr station. This came with an ac dc adapter the dvr travel adapter for 65 does 
Excellent player. I ve had this player for about 6 months now and it really does a fantastic job of deinterlacing and upconverting. I d read about potential macro-blocking issues 
Love It!. The replacement cartridge and paper for the Epson Picture Mate are great. The prints are amazing quality and it s so convenient. It s cheaper to get this 
Works, but lacks documentation. The keyboard works similarly to the ten keys on a keyboard, but lacks information about the functions of keys and upper-lower case functions. There is no 
Excellent!. Very good product and surprise that I can get 2500 photos with this! The price is lower than most stores..  
Imation Atakka vs Project Lab Century CD. In comparing these two units I find the Imation Stakka to be much quieter and smoother running of the two. The OpdiTracker software 
All that matters: Reliable. Western Digital has the reputation for reliabilty. That s why over 3 years I ve purchased five of their drives, approximately 1400 gigs total when formated. 
this is what I expected. This product is really what I expected it to be. It has a very clear display with a high resolution for a 4 inch screen. 
Record TV digitally but not for the average consumer. No Tivo and no endless subscription to a service that records TV shows. I love it but if you are not 
works great. really like the chill pad. Keeps my laptop cool!! does its job and i would recomend it to anyone.Lizz  
Garmin Works!. I needed the Garmin eTrex for a train trip I was taking. It follows the train along its path and you can tell at all times where you 
Great Keyboard!!!. This is one of the best keyboards you can get. Great for beginners or for someone who doesn t have room for a piano. The sound quality is 
Works fine. Works like promised. Like the ability to choose any channel. It has pretty good strength and can actually overcome stations that have stations on it.With the battery life 
Only one problem... I have only one problem, it takes for freakin ever for the picture to come up when you change channels which makes it tediously slow to flip 
where s the sweet spot?. As a new audiophile I bought this because the price was great. The sound is pretty loud, and I use the unfiltered LFE connection, but 
Works as advertised. I was attracted to this remote by the web programming interface: I have friends who have to hold their remotes head-to-head and program each command one at 
Great Monitor. I just recieved my monitor today, and hooked it up through the DVI input, and i was amazed, colors look beautiful, no dead or stuck pixels, the monitor 
Great product and delivers as promised. Having read some bad reviews after already purchasing this product, I was somewhat concerned. My printer Lexmark E238 is not on the supported printers 
Quality Floor Standing Speaker. I m a college kid, recreational audiophile and bass fanatic, studying engineering. I started off building a custom sub encloser with dual Kicker CompVR 12 subs 
Nice Leather Carrying Case -- Recommended. It is always chancey to buy something judging by its online pictures, but I made a good choice for me in selecting this case. 
Love my Telezapper. This has really decreased the number of telemarketing calls I get. I unplugged it for a couple of weeks for some reason, and the calls started coming 
Best mouse I ve ever used. This mouse is perfect size. The buttons on the side are easy to press once you get used to them. Now whenever I use 
Excellent R G B Cables. The Monster Cable THX V100 CV-8 Component Video Cables are excellent connectors for DVD to Component inputs on HD and RGB Red, Green, Blue component 
A must have. This product is a must have for your Shure earphones. Once you use this with the earphones you will not want to use the headphones without, it 
HP 3930 Printer. Printer exactly as advertised. Small and easy to use. Was delivered quickly along with the black ink cartridge. It is perfect for my use  
Excellent card and very fast!. This card is well worth the money. Easy to install and very fast at 108 mpbs when used with the linksys srx router. You will 
BACKUP your Data Easily. Easy to use right out of box, a life saver when computer hard drive crashes as long as you have been backing up faithfully.  
Excellent portable speakers. I purchased these speakers to use them with iTunes. With a quick connection to my Airport Express I can listen to music in any room of the 
Bose UB-20 Installation. I found that these brackets worked best for installing my Bose Satellite speakers in that they gave you an option of mounting them on the wall or 
Fast flash card. I purchased these cards on recommendaton of a friend who is a professional photographer that has the same camera that I purchased. The Canon 20D likes these 
Very useful. This USB memory its very useful, I recommended it for every one who wants to have one of this, good price  
Does what it needs to do... I have only used this a couple of times but it has worked well and is fater than downloading pictures from the camera.  
IT S A VERY GOOD MEMORY. It is the best memory i have ever had to protect your files.It s simple to use, and accurate.I recommend it, if you need 
PAPER INK SET IS REALLY READY FOR USE. When I received the product, I was amazed to find out that the ink is enough to process 108 pictures; it matched 
Great especially for old CD-reader. I used several high speed CD-R disks to burn music CD for my 1998 car. However, they just cannot be readable. But this CD-R has 
Better than any of the other transmitters. This FM transmitter is much better than the Itrips. It s easy to change the channels, and there s no need to fuss 
High speed, reliable and lots of storgae. I purchased this card to go with my Canon DSLR. Initially was worried about the speed of transfer from camera to this card 
Good Range, but 17mi...NEVER!. These radios are very great with my familly on our trip.....My son went far from us, but with this wonderful two ways radios we could find 
Great Product, Despite False Claims. First and foremost, these are NOT noise cancelling headphones. To technically be noise cancelling they would have to have a small microphone on each side 
Cheap, compact and fast!. This little hub is just about everything you could want it to be. It s extremely compact, I don t think it s physically possible to 
Beautiful Prints. I have a Canon IP3000 and had no problems using this paper. Unlike many reviewers, I am very satisfied with the quality and even the size. The size 
Calculator worked great for my class. Calculator worked well for my computer class, and did not cost an arm and a leg  
ipod armband. This is a very good armband holder for the Ipod Nano, but it is not made for those of us who also use Nike , I wish the 
After exhaustive study...Panasonic TH-50PX600U wins handsdown. Clearest and brightest high-def image of all the plasma sets available. Discovery HD is awesome on this set. If you are in the market 
Works Great. I recently purchased this product and have been very pleased with its performance. I love the fact that the cap is not easy to remove. On others that 
If you ve got the cash then this is the best option. If you want the highest possible quality for your Playstation II then this is the item to buy. 
Beware of Sharp Edges!. I ve had this drive about a week. I use it on a PowerMac G5 as a backup hard drive for photos. Sets up easily. Works 
I needed this. It was not easy to find this. however, it works fine. It plugs in the outlet without a long cord. I like that.I did not know that 
Wow. You cannot get a better television for the price. This does not have a tv tuner but you don t need one anyways! I am very surprised has to 
Full sound in a quiet enviroment. This was really not a pre-meditated plan, but after I tried all the different pieces in the shure fit-kit I realized that I liked 
V-Moda Is a Fine Earphone for A Good Price. Not an audiophile but did enough research to settle on the V-Modas. Was a little hesitant because of all the talk 
nice but. This is a nice little mic but I am not sure a regular mic would be even better.I am happy with the mic though.  
So far -- great. I bought this for my T-Mobile Dash Windows Mobile 5.0 Smartphone Edition . I have a 2 GB micro SD card. I put about 7 states 
The Best Speakers I ve heard for a PC. So, I was in the market for some new speakers, and since I live in Minnesota I have the convience of 
Dumb software, reliable hardware. I ve used the SD-YD250 hundreds of times over the last 2 years and it still shows no significant signs of wear. Overall, the product is 
Amazing detail. I was a little skeptical on how this large format would look with many digital pics, BUT, I found beautiful color repro and detail even with older 3.1 
Fast Shipping, Great for Gifts. I bought these cases to use as I sent out about 30 mix CDs to friends to celebrate the coming of Autumn. Not only did 
WOW!. Nice monitor!! best I have had yet. I just upgraded from a 18.2 CRT viewable. this was a great upgrade! only down fall is the built in speakers... hey 
Overall a very good GPS receiver. I got this item about a week ago, and am quite pleased with it.I am using it in conjunction with TomTom Navigator 6 installed 
Did as advertised and well. We owned the old style of this and had it on our phone for about 12 monhts. We went five years without annoying phone calls 
Very Pleased. Before purchasing the Sony Blu-ray player, I purchased the Philips Blu-ray player. I wasn t very impressed with it s quality; in terms of appearance or operation. The 
If your only computer is a laptop, you need this. Let s face it: while a laptop computer is convenient, it is also a bit uncomfortable to work on. When 
I love it. I have 26eps of Speed Grapher an anime and about 900 songs on it I still have a chunk of cds to re-rip and I LOVE that 
Has been working fine. I bought this to clean up all of my kids DVDs. They have a ton of discs that are dirty, scratched, etc. I have cleaned over 
Radar Detector. Fast shipping and a good seller to deal with. They didn t waste any time sending this out. The product works very well and it is better than 
This is a great webcam. I have this webcam and it s great, the only downside is the lighting it s too dark but with a lamp it s perfect. 
great plasma shelving. well i would say that the shelf work awesome for its purpose like i used cause i hung a plama tv on the wall and it worked 
A really cool device, with some limitations. First of all, here are my computer specs:Pentium 4 2.8 GHz 800 FSB1 GB DDR2 RAM2 SATA 7200 RPM hard drives: 80 GB 
A Better Alternative to the HP 7410 All-in-One. I bought an HP-7410 all-in-one color jet printer with wireless capability about 13 months ago, and had to replace it because the 
Great Hub. This hub takes care of old power issues I had with smaller unpowered hubs . It is handling my pda, usb jump drive, high capacity external drive, and 
Good. So far I haven t had any problems at all. Burning to dual layers has gone very smoothly and I haven t run into any errors as yet. My 
great product. great printer right out of the box.... does everything you need. i have not had a problem ye  
Good long tapes. I`m a musician and I record almost everyday . These long tapes is an excelent way to check my self. Very clean recordings and excelent playback.Good tape 
KICK A S!!!. As a Southern California real estate agent this NAV is priceless to me. Everything is programmable from the angle of the screen to the custom equalizer! When 
Nice unit for the money. Had to get this professionally installed into my DeVille, but even with that cost, this was a great purchase. My XV6700 phone connected immediately and 
Great monitor for great price. This monitor is a great monitor. In my opinion the colors are good and the ergonomics are good. If there were usb ports on the 
Made jogging fun.. And that is saying something. This plus a Nano is the ideal road companion  
As advertised. I use an i-Pod mini in my car. It is in the center console where it connects to the auxillary input. I used to have to open the 
Canon Photo Pro paper. Gives excellent results for photos, if you want a glossy print. Very good  
High quality, heavy duty lock and cable. A very robust lock. It fits well on my thin MacBook Pro, and does not crowd out the adjacent USB port for most 
Not perfect, but close. I really like this bag - I bought it to use for college, which I have just recently started. It holds just about everything I could 
Converting Slides. I bought this product because Consumer Reports said it did a good job of converting 35mm slides in a non-complicated fashion. Oh, so true, and you can convert 
Great product for beginner and pro!. I bought this for my 8 year old son and just as promised, it was plug-n-play. This is a durable yoke, great for kids 
Wireless-g notebook adapter. This Linksys adapter was easy to install and has been operating withouta problem for the last month.  
Great value for the price. I am a scrapbooker and wanted something to quickly print my pictures without having to go and boot up my computer all the time. It 
Does its job and then some. I still have to review some of the finer functions of the unit, but overall, it does its job. One major bonus that most 
It Does the Job Very Well. Both cars that I use have a tape player and CD changers. For a long time, because we could play CDs in the cars, 
good, simple and cheap. This is a very simple KVM. Lacking the fancy bells and whistles of the more expensive untis, this one does it s basic tasks  
JLAB MiniBlaster - Great Expectations Fulfilled. My wife gave me an Ipod Nano G2 8GB for Christmas. I wanted a great sounding, small speaker system that would fit in my 
Internal DVD Drive. Great product. Easy to install. The drive is fast and relatively silent  
zenner. I researched various MP3 players and chose Zen for recording capability, FM radio, replacable battery and format compatability. I came across complaints from people about the headphone thing, but 
sad i cant give it 6 stars. excelent product, best 500 spent in car audio fast menu, ipod cable awesome fast as hell changing from one song to another, video 
Practical and Usefull. This item is very nice, its practical becuase have a gos size, great sound and in only one iten you can have a radio, clock and sound 
Great case!. I ordered this carrying case for my 17 laptop, and I am delighted with the storage capacity and quality. There is plenty of laptop room with a couple 
Excellent value. Excellent sound quality for the price.. much better than any non-ear-canal headphone and an excellent price-benefit ratio among this category  
great sound. This is the second dream machine I have bought, first got destroyed by a storm.Great equipment, also buy a surge protector to go with it  
Great hub that actually works!. D-Link s 7-port hub works perfectly -- you plug it into a USB port and it s ready to roll. It s that simple.  
Great buy.... for 15 great buy and easy to configure...always Amozon fast and reliable delivery.Thank  
good. it came on time no doubt about it good job by there part and this item completes my pioneer system....  
Great for the Nikon D200 - SanDisk 2 GB Extreme III CompactFlash. I purchased several of these cards .... they work great and as advertised. The D200 has a memory 
Nice product. I bought this unit because of the price and convience of loading MP3 files onto SD media without having to plug in my MP3 player. The reader is 
Good buy for basic printing. The Lexmark P6250 is great for photos but when you just print a lot of B W papers you need this #34 High Yield Black 
excellent. I use this recorder for my voice lessons, and chorus practice. It has been grest. I love it  
Astounding Clarity. This was the first mic I bought to go along with my Sony VX2100 Minidv camcorder!The 20 cord was what attracted me first, and then the price, but 
A good printer. I use my printer as needed. Unlike the ink jet printers, the dye in this printer will never dry up. The picture quality is good enough in 
XP Compatibility Issues. In Win ME 98 it was possible, with a file patch, to use the rudder pedals with other games and also to change controller preference with a 
Magellan 2200T. After a lot of research, I purchased the item from Amazon with a 2 GB SD card. Item showed up charged 3 bars and out of the box 
Very capable tuner for a very low price. If you re an anti-commercial radio type this tuner will probably not win you over. If however you don t like paying 
Slide switch for serious dictators. Microcassette portable dictating machines all have a single slide switch for Record Stop Playback Rewind. Long experience has shown that is the best control mechanism 
Great Shredder!. I like the safety features and the power.Pay the difference you ll be glad you did  
Excellent Widescreen. This unit worked right out of the box. Resolution is very high for a med range TFT, and extremely bright. Color blend is very good, and definition is 
Exactly what you ask for. This card is capable of holding over 1000 pictures in most cameras. Going from around 17 pictures in a standard 16 mb card to 1046 
Instructions by EMET worked. Now its region free DVD player. I bought Philips DVD player and followed instructions by EMET to make DVD player region free and it worked. Search 
CD quality voice recording. I brought this for kids to record their violin lessons. It records in CD quality. As far as I know, this is the only brand voice 
Almost the perfect cycle computer. I have the 305 Cadence HRM bundle. With a few exceptions, I believe this is a very good cycle computer for tech junkies or for 
5 stars as described. I got these because my old IBM ThinkPad laptop has speakers that can t really be heard unless you re hovering right over them, and I 
Presenter. This has proven to be a handy, perfect device for presentations. We use this in a church service environment, it is very handy to plug in to a visitor 
Not too shabby... I looked at a lot of reviews on Amazon before I chose the H31. I was looking for a quality projector that I could use in my 
batteries for my LO-Jack. I ordered 4 of these to replace the 2 that I needed, plus 2 as spares.It seems that 1 does not work and that I need 
 Small AND Cheap Doesn t mean bad . These speakers are quite small and somewhat powerful. They are great to put on a nightstand or for taking on trips 
Good Keyboard, mediocre mouse. In escence this is a good keyboard with good Media Center keys buttons, the media buttons even light up, useful if used in the dark.Be aware 
This is a great EQ. I had invested in a good home theatre system but the sound output was lacking, I had a friend who recommended this product and I 
Excellent Receiver for this price level. After looking for an HDMI audio capable receiver for a while and finding nothing that costs under 1k, I was delighted to come across 
Love it, love, love it!. I bought this tv at the beginning of the year and it has been nothing but wonderful. It s so versatile. I love how you 
very small flash drive. I love the size. it is super thin and small, but I have to keep the lanyard on it so i wont lose it. I get 
Great, does exactly what it says, great price!. The silicone is great quality, fits the nano snugly, and the arm band is nice. Wonderful product, does what it s supposed 
It s a cable. I used this cable to connect my ipod to the connection in my trunk. I was getting a lot of interference with some of my old 
Excellent iPod replacement. This is my third iPod earbud replacement headset; previous brands were Sony iPod clone and another Sony in ear canal type . The bass response of the 
I gotta say... wow!. I have owned a pair of Etymotic ER6is and a pair of Shure s E2s, which are both very good quality earbuds, but I have to 
INSTALACION Y USO. La instalacin del producto fue bastante simple, la configuracion y operacion tambien los son, solo he observado un problema con el control remoto, en ocasiones deja de 
Great drives for the price. These drives now run at a 300 mb transfer rate so a jumper on pins 5 & 6 are needed for SATA 150 users. Other 
QuikFinish PL45 4.5 Document Laminator. The laminator works very well. I ve made more than 100 luggage tags since I bought it 3 month ago. I m very pleased with 
beautiful set. We just remodelled our kitchen, and created a TV niche easily visible from anywhere in the room including the eat-around island. This was the largest size HDTV that 
Good DVD Drive, Crummy Software. After burning forty plus gigs on 15 discs, my Sony DRX830UL T still works just fine. I did end up with one coaster, but quickly 
Very good, not great. Although I like the Kensington Laser Mouse very much, I find it does not scroll as fast or responsively on my Mac as other mice of 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
Excellent iPod accessory that is needed!. If you have an extra cup holder in your car, this item will serve you well. The item is solid and can withstand some 
Missing Information. Now, keep in mind that I haven t even received my HDmi Cable and that I left 5 stars based solely upon Sony s reputation in home theater.This 
GREAT FOR CONVERTING TO DIGITAL FORMAT AVI . One of the reviewers said that this product records the video as an MPEG2 file and compromises the quality of the video 
Useful. Needed a large quantity of CDs for a college course; these did the job nicely  
THE BEST PRINTER I HAVE EVER OWNED. We bought this printer to go with the canon G2 we bought.Excellent choice.First I must say if you are considering buying it from 
easy to use and no problems so far. i just plugged it in and was able to use this product very easy and havent had any problems.... other reviews had 
SanDisk Sansa c140 1 GB MP3 Player Black . Player works very well. Though when I transfered an audio book into it from the public library it put it in 
EXCELENT PRODUCT. EXELENTE PRODUCTO. ALL FINE, TODO MUY BIEN, TO MY CAMCORDER ELURA 100 IS OK, PARA MI FILMADORA ELURA 100 ES PERFECTO.  
perfect. This product was perfect. it s a sturdy case that holds my large collection of cd s and dvd s.My other cases were flimsy and wore out fast. This 
Not JUST a USB cable - it adds a serial port to your computer!. It is NOT a USB cable, it s a USB device with a computer and a 
Put your welding glasses on :- . Wow...talk about bright. And I mean, painfully bright by default. But, all you have to do is spend a few minutes adjusting the 
Great Price. I bought this backpack as a gift for my brother and he really likes it. The only negative is the computer pouch is very tight on his 15.4 
Excellent but not perfect. We have had this printer for over 20 months now and I figured that it was enough time to test it before writing about it : 
Well made. Very well made, Great organizational aid. Look good and keeps things neat and professional in appearance. Great price also  
I will never own another brand phone. I love Panasonic phones. They last forever, they always have a stylish design, and they are easy to use program, especially if you 
canon scanner. Very user friendly. Dependable, lightweight and doesn t take up alot of space. I am happy with the product  
Great Customer Service!. I messed up in ordering, customer servive really came to the rescue. They reinforced my feelings for a very well run site.The picture card is great also, 
Great device. I previously had a Linksys WRT54G and was moderately satisfied with it until it started exhibiting signs of cheapness , like general flakiness, inability to load the web 
good LCD. nice picture and has black enhancement that fixes the black nicely, i use it for the xbox 360 and color is good. Only one video component input, has 
Lasted Four Years - I weep for Palm. I am filled with feelings of anger and despair as I see the once great Palm Corporation in its death throes. I 
Awesome for the car!!. I don t have an ipod docking station in my car and I used to keep my Nano in a soft jewellery bag to prevent the 
Great product. I bought this memory card for my camera sd500. At first, I was very dispointed when I only see 1gb on my laptop. After googled around, I realized 
a versatile tool that prevents carpal tunnel syndrome. The first 5 hours with this tool will frustrate you, but push through it, you will be delighted. If you are just 
Excellent picture, super fast delivery. Love the TV, loved the fast, easy service even more  
Great when you are not on the go. I loved this product so much I had to get one for a friend who has the same receiver. Being able to 
Well Worth It!!. I got this for my dad for Christmas! He has an Inno and this was the next step. Yes it is expensive. But it is JAMMED with 
Things to consider if you re getting a 2GB card. I purchased the 2GB Elite Pro SD card but found out that my older SimpleTech FlashLink card reader is not 
Entry-Level Receiver. For the price its the best deal in town. Lots of setup options, lots! It is an excellent work of art.  
Simplest and most reliable cordless phone. This is my third Motorola cordless. As my older phones other brands go bad, I ve been replacing them with the Motorola. I couldn 
Perfect 2nd keyboard. Already have a very expensive Yamaha but wanted a portable one. This is very light and sounds surprisingly sounds very good.  
The best at this price range... or higher. I ve gone through a lot of hard-drives in the past few years. I tend to burn them out pretty quickly. I 
Mythtv and Hauppage. I bought this product for my linux based mythtv system. The great thing about this product and the thing that really sets it apart from other models 
This is a great card. This card is fast and is the right price. It holds tons of high res JPEGS, and around 200 RAW images on my Rebel XTi 
Unbelievable sound from this little thing!. If you are looking for a truly portable speaker system for you ipod, look no further. This unit packs a powerful punch, has great 
SanDisk Sansa c140 - Perfect for me. I wanted a small MP3 player with good sound quality and ease of use for listening to music during travel and moderate exercise. 
Completely Satisfied. You get the best results with the OEM inks. Colors are truer and even the printed word has more detail  
Amazing Reciever, Amazing price!!!. After a TON of research between the Denon, Harman, and Pioneer Elite, this one came out on top for price value features sound quality and incredible 
Easy, easy, easy!. I was scared off of the Sony recorder by the customer reviews, and by noticing the high number of those units listed on eBay as refurbished. I 
awesome mp3 player. beautiful electronic item bright colourseasy plug and play  
the greatest mini ipod case ever!. this case is soooo cute escpecialy if you have a pink ipod min  
Archos Docking Adapter Kit. I mainly wanted this so I could charge my Archos in my house rather than turning on my computer and using the USB cord to charge 
Wow... Pros:-Amazing sound quality-Burr-Brown DAC pretty much the best around -Easy to configure-Great interface-Rock-solid performance no waiting when you hit play, and no network issues -Created for IT people by 
Beats others in its class. I have an HP IPAQ rx3115 and Holux GPSlim 236.Other software I have tried is MS streets & trips and also Delorme street atlas 2006 
Great Printer for the price. I started a new business so I bouth two HP 3050 s. They print fast, good quality, no paper jams, bypass for envolopes checks works 
Canon PIXMA MP960 All-In-One Photo Printer. I haven t got a chance to do a lot of the thngs that this printer will do yet! It was very easy to 
Good stuff. I won these at a CoD2 tournament.They are pretty nice, very comfortable. and the audio quality is good.The mic picks up very well too. Comes with a clip 
Cool sound without handing out cold cash. I just purchased a set of these speakers, and I must say I am quite pleased. I purchased these speakers at K-mart to 
bulky but does the job. i have a card reader slot in my computer, but i purchased this to keep in my camera bag just in case i want to 
well protected. I truly like the way this item protects the entire nano-including the screen-the belt is comfortable and easy to put on-cons-my daughter cannot use it because the band 
Wow...nice picture!. I am very pleased with this purchase. The picture is great and the price was just too good to pass up.  
Increditble flat panel. I love this tv. I have it in my bedroom and it s perfect. I connected it to my Comcast HD box and the picture is stunning. 
good for basic water sports. I purchased this case along with an i-river mp3 player as I am cuurently recovering from an injury and am unable to run. The unit 
Excellent Product. This is an excellent cd burner. I have purchased so many and all of them are great. I have no complaints and I feel that this product is 
Good Deal. A nice AM and FM for the money...I like to use before I fall asleep or use when walking the dogs...User friendly..Great Deal  
Works great with my Garmin Gecko GPS. No troubles installing it on my G5 Mac and with the Garmin Gecko GPS. Worked the first time. Has a cool blue light. 
Great unit at fantastic price. One lvel up from the ES30VS, much more capable of the last generation the ES35VS is a versatile unit capable of handling all home recording 
Handiest thing ever!. I ve always wanted to get a tablet of my own, especially when it comes to tricky effects in Photoshop. Upon recommendations of a small, light model, 
Our new 7310 Printer. This is our second all-in-one from HP. The other one still prints fine, but the scanner system exhausted itself! So, we decided to buy a new 
Big sound, little device. I recently received an ipod nano as a gift, and so my first accessory purchase is the MiniBlaster . I recevied mine on a rush delivery, 
Does the job. Tired of having to find the right USB cable? Stashing multiple types of cables? This is what my wife needed for both her cameras - each camera 
Best GPS So Far!!!. This is my third GPS receiver, all of them Garmin units. I started quite a few years ago with an eTrex Summit, which I primarily used 
Great Printer. I purchased this printer and loved the results. Like the other comments stated it was very east to operate. If there is something that is not clear just 
Does the job... It worked. All the labels from the side of the power supply just fell off. Kind of looked cheap, but it did the job  
Excellent Case. This case is perfect. It holds the power cable, stores the C330 on the window mount and doesn t take up any unnecessary room  
Good personal fax. We have a home-based business, and do not need a complicated fax machine. This was just the thing that we expected, and it works great. The copy 
works. Transmits audio across my house- my sirius reciever does not have adjustable audio out so it overdrives the transmitter. Broadcasting my PC sound works flawlessly. Must keep cordless phones 
shure earphones. Sound reducing huge earphones hurt my ears. I just returned from Italy & my ears feel great & the sound was incredible reduced. I love them  
Great for the ATV. So far so good with this mount. I mounted it to the bars of my ATV and it works great. Easy to see and operate right 
Nice tv. I m not a TV or game nut. I use Phillips rabbit ears and watch what I need from local stations. I had to buy a new tv 
The phone is great. After my old wireless phone finally broke down, I spent countless hours researching for a phone that was both stylish and functional in that order . 
Works Great, look for the new 5V version. Works Great, Clear light indicators, good product.There are 2 versions of this on the market. There is a early version of 7V 
Good phone-few frills. Got VOIP, have DSL so I had to keep my land line and old number. I put this phone in to be able to answer calls on 
Simple product but designed well. The 50 pack are all white, and the window in the front is a useful feature - lets you see what s on there without 
Does the job. Nothing too fancy, but it has all of the right connectors. I can t say that I notice any better sound or picture in my home theater 
Works Perfectly. These work perfectly. I can t tell a difference between these and the other shielded, gold-plated stereo RCA mega super cables I purchased a while back. Good combo 
Great piece of equipment - a must for travelers!!. I was very happy that I purchased the Zen Rapid Auto Charger for my Zen Vision M player. Now, along with 
run. I like it as a running buddy, but they tend to only last about a year or two! The buttons will stop working there for needing replacement  
Works Great!. I didn t want to have to broadcast my Ipod over the radio so I have it hooked up through my stereo. The cable charges faster than my 
Simple solution to a simple problem. This is a great little connector. It allows me to connect Firewire 400 drives to my Firewire 800 port. This gives me access to 
great. works well with standard IR transmiters such as sony tv s and audiovox dvd players. Very comfortable  
17 black laptop case. A great case! Fits my new 17 widescreen laptop perfectly. Has velcro strap to hold tightly! Like the pockets and side zip pocket. Not for alot 
Best purchase this year. We have NO warning in Gwinnett County, GA and they have ignored my repeated requests for Sirens. I bought this gem and it sits quietly in 
Great bargain. I had bought a lexar professional 512 when the digital rebal first came out at a whopping 230. It has a write speed of 40x. I needed to 
Great pedal for the price. I checked out these little 15.00 pedals out at Guitar Center and was surprisingly impressed. They re very quiet and sound great. For someone who 
Great voice recording!. This microphone makes your voice sound really rich and is great to eliminate the humming sound of my camcorder and other background noise. It only works well 
good deal. these batteries are as good as any and well priced to  
Floppy Disk drive. LaCie Floppy Disk drive works fine on Apple G5 with Mac OS X version 10.3.9.  
great little player. This is my 2nd MP3 player, my first being an Ipod Nano. I got this one because I decided to give Play for Sure a try--and have 
Good equipment for small groups. I purchased this multimedia projector on behalf of a local non-profit organization after comparing its specifications with other projectors with similar prices. Several comparable projectors 
TV Turntable. Very good product. Was exactly as ordered and arrived in an exceptable time frame. If you need a turntable for a big old TV this is it. I 
the standard in low-cost but GOOD security systems. If you re looking for high-end, look at the Clifford alarms, they are now owned by the same parent company as Viper 
Works pretty well. My house always seems to present problems to wifi routers, and I have tried a few different antennas. This one did increase the signal in a remote 
SD memory card for my PDA. I wanted a large capacity card for my PDA to store mp3 songs and photos. This one works perfectly. It came at a great 
Good, good... Good... It s great, I m happy with it. Delivery was fast. I didn t realize it was refurb, but that doesn t really matter anyway. Good product 
Great card reader. This card reader is definitely a great buy. Definitely worth the extra money for the high speed transfer, even on cards not made by sandisk  
Pretty good so far... This is the first tablet I ve ever tried, so I can t compare it to the big guys like Wacom, but so far it works 
Very functional and well built. I am using this arm on a 22 inch lcd monitor mounted through a hole on my desk. You can move the monitor up and 
CanoScan CS8600F. This scanner has given me the means to copy and edit my 35mm slides while providing great quality in the process. The CanoScan CS8600F is easy to install 
A successful connectivity!. Unless that I made an order for Terk Technologies Leapfrog LF-30S Wireless 2.4 GHz A V Distribution System, I received another wireless system from TERK Co, but 
Gets out of the way and lets me take pictures. Like any good piece of technology, this card stays out of the way, operating fast I have a Canon Digital 
Outstanding. These are temporarily replacing a pair of Altec Lansing speakers and I love them. I get the sound I need while the others are being refurbished.  
Better than Costco one. I used FM transmitter from Costco. It was good but it cannot remember the position once you turn off the car. You have to forward every 
Very Cheap, but not EASY to Transfer MP3. GOOD:1. Very cheap for a 5GB storage MP3 player.2. FM at least 8 Presets 3. AC Adaptor to recharge.4 Dual headset connectors 
Happy. We really like it, the sound is very good, easy control, nice looking. My husband sleeps with it - we bought an underpillow speaker with it- same maker.  
Wireless kb mouse works perfectly even on servers. Took it out of the box, plugged in the computers, plugged in a flat panel monitor and a Microsoft usb transmitter for 
Very good headphones for the money. I live in an apartment building and play well, practice is a better word the bass guitar and needed headphones so I wouldn t 
er20bp ear plugs great. I fly every week and without the earplugs I feel beatup by the end of the day. The earplugs take the tension out of the flight 
Excellent MP3. I originally bought a Cowan iAUDIO X5 30GB MP3 from Amazon. I wanted to return it, only so I can buy the larger GB60 unit, which I did 
My best ever experience with Linksys. I spent a while looking for a good VPN router. They seem to be really hard to find. I don t know if it 
Great space saver!. I like keeping all my stuff in one place, but don t like CD folders, so these slim cases are great. I accidentaly sat on one of 
Best bang for buck. These are the best headphones I ve ever seen for under 5. You can actually hear the bass on them, which you really can t for 
Good purchase. I bought this to hook up my Xbox360 to my surround system. While it doesn t apepar to be the best looking little box or doesn t feel 
Great for the price. I didn t expect a whole lot given the low price, but they sound way better than I even expected. Contrary to a couple other reviewers, 
A Good Investment. For the average shopper and searching through many monitor s, this is the best alert monitor for the price! It is user friendly and very easy to 
It works ..Worldwide .... The charger arrived with in 2 days., [ Amazon PRIME ]. I used this battery for my Canon A 530 and it works like a charm. 
Toshiba TV. The shipping was excellent and the TV worked right out of the box with east set-up. The only problem was a faulty remote that we ended up replacing 
Compatible with the Epson R800 and R1800 photo printers, March 26, 2007. When it comes to ink for my R1800 photo printer, I am concerned with the quality of the 
Canon Comes Though Again!. I had three of the SONY Dye sublimation printers, and was very happy with them until about 6 months ago. I upgraded my cameras to the 
Fully Satisfied. The device works perfectly. The picture quality is excellent, the documentation is adequate, and the overall robustness of the machine seems good. Loading is slower than my old 
My favorite sound card. Actually, I loved the Philips Acoustic Edge, an earlier and internal sound card, but it did not like my older dual-processor system. Because of that I 
Excellent pedal for its price. Pedal made mainly of plastic, but seems sturdy enough, and sounds great  
Almost Perfect. Very user friendly DVD player. Unit is quite large - I had to take the back of my stereo cabnet off to make it fit. Very nice picture 
Great Bargin!. For the price this organzier is a great buy. I read other peoples reviews and don t agree with everyone about some its features. I found the display 
Microsoft Wireless Laser Mouse 8000 - Tempermental. This peripheral has the advantage of coming with a rechargeable battery and charging station. It solves the frustration of having to run for 
Good price and a great idea!. Buying 4 ink tanks at a time is a no brainer - because the minute you run out of ink in a particular color 
I waited so long!. I have the Mk2 and subwoofer and the sound quality is stunning! Easy to set up and looks great. I connected a Terk Leapfrog to my 
Excellent. This usb hub is EXCELLENT!! its small and compact, it actually communicates at usb 2.0 speeds, and the best part is that it doesn t need a separate power 
They re very good indeed!. They re well made, excellent sounding interconnects from a well known audiophile company --I own some of their more upscale esoteric audio and video cables. 
Duet 2PC Speaker System. I am very happy with the speakers which I have attached to my Mac Mini.They are perfect for this application. Amazon.com continues to provide excellent service 
It works. Purchased the WR-300 last week from Amazon and found set up was easy. We set it to announce problems in the 23 Counties surrounding my home County.This morning 
Sony ICF-S79V Weather Band Shower Radio. How do you live without a radio in the shower? I can t. This one does exactly what I need. It is sealed, so 
Photo Book. This is a easy way to put together a photo album or write your own story book with your own pictures. Note that the pages are heavy photo 
Great little printer. This is a very good affordable photo printer. Easy to setup and understand controls. Remote is great for viewing and editing photos on TV. Handles all media 
Sony for this price???. I used ReadPlease - a super program that reads back anything you past into it - to edit my novels. I enjoy the headphones because it 
Will make your radio rock. I thought I was a monophonic purist until seeing a Consumer Reports review that rated the sound quality of the Kloss Tivoli radio above even 
Owned one for years, still good product. I ve had one of these for over 14 years now, when they first started coming out. My brother has the original one 
Awesome DX10 graphics card!. I actually own this same card made by XFX rather than PNY, but I was so impressed by the card I wanted to post a helpful 
Sleek, modern minimalism; built for Vista, compatible with XP. I ve been waiting for this keyboard since December. Microsoft has had problems in production and deadlines about this product. As 
Not too expensive and worth the fuss. I actually bought this for my iPod after the fact to extend my coverage with apple. For just a couple bucks more than 
Rock-Solid Stability, Great Features, Easy Configuration and Port Forwarding Settings. I ve had a lot of experience with wireless and wired routers over the past five years - I ve 
Amazing Results for an upconverter!. I recently bought a Samsung HD-5679W here on Amazon. Well I hooked it up to my DVD player a Playstation 2... , threw in a 
pocket full of entertainment. This is my perfect portable media player. Great price. Big screen. Fits in your pocket. If you re too cool for an ipod, or run Linux, 
Great design. After reading other reviews i was skeptical of purchasing the dioshield for my IPOD. I had read a lot about how it interefered with the USB cable or 
Cute little portable mouse!. This mouse is perfect for the traveling notebook user. I am a female with small hands so this fits me perfectly. With my fingers on the 
Same SD card as all the others. Great Price. I bought this for my son s MP3 player and it works great. No problems and no speed issues. Great Price... 
Garmin 276C - excellent !. I am very pleased. I use the unit on a motorcycle and it has met my expectations so far. Easy to use menus. Easy to 
would be perfect if insert was slightly larger. This thing is really handy. The storage spaces are all very usable for what they were designed for. It rolls easily and 
Honest speaker at a good price. You could spend more but for home and occasional pro use - why would you? My first set had the protector guard hanging out 
Great monitor for the price!. Pros:-Great price for a 19 inch widescreen!-DVI-D support-No dead pixels on mine Cons:- Speakers are horrible however if you are dropping this much money on 
highly recommend. I highly recommend this paper. I managed a high end pro photo lab for 10 years and now that I am a hobbyist and like to print at 
great sound, but too big!. I was impressed with the sound quality of these. The only problem I really have with them is that the neck band is not adjustable. 
Patience Pays Off. I ve owned these speakers for about a month now and am very pleased. I purchased the main unit with the transmitter and three additional units to 
amazing. yo allthis case is the greatest and most suitable for outdoor climbingit really fits and worth getting!enjo  
iflybyeyou. I have 4 of these to use with my ipac and also my mp3 player which they are full of all my music and are interchangeable with both units 
Great Case. I bought this product for my 17 Mac Book Pro. It has plenty of room for accessories. Top Quality product, nice comfortable shoulder strap.  
Excellent. Charges you Sansa without plugging it into the computer. Comes with the USB cable and everything. Just keep your firmware up to date and you re set  
Buen funcionamiento. Funcionan Bien, lo unico es que cuando no hay seal se mete mucho ruido, pero el equipo funciona bien  
Optoma Portable Projector - working fine. I ve been using my Optima EP719 DLP projector fro about a month now and I am well satisfied with the performance and low 
Not for faint of heart. Bought this from Amazon for 300 shipped. Was looking for a GPS that I can use in the car as well as outdoors and globally. 
Metal, not plastic!!. It costs 30 - 40 less than the Canon LA-DC58F Conversion Lens Adapter and it s metal, not plastic... need to say more  
Sony the best!. Memory Stick Pro its a great product and great price, I really recomend to buy from Amazon.com, they always have great deals and prices. Sony Products are 
Nice radio gps for geocaching. Nice radio gps for the price. I bought two of these radios and the position reporting feature is really neat. I also like the polling 
HP Scanjet 4890. A versatle multi-purpose scanner that comes with easy to load and use software. It is large and heavy, but I have the desk space to place it. 
The SRX200 is a great, reliable router!. I setup and install wireless networks for a living, and this router has certainly been bad for my business :- I have installed 
Great product for the price. I am extrememly happy with this one. For the price, it delivers well. The voice recorder works well. My key need was to record lectures 
Very valuable laptop accessory. I do a lot of work on my laptop while traveling on planes, and it s typically confidential material. While you hope that the average person 
Best GPS I have ever owned!. I have had a few different GPSs in the past and this one out performs all of them. It is very convenient to have 
It screams. I have this processor mated to an Intel DG965wh m b with 1G DDRII 4300 memory and an ATI All-IN-WONDER X800 XL PCI-Express video TV card 256Meg . 
A clean lens is the sign of a... Well I am not sure what it is a sign of. However it sure makes listening a pleasure again. There is not 
Better than Generic. If you own a Canon printer, buy a Canon ink cartridge! That is my warning. Generic ink cartridges may look the same as their OEM counterparts but 
Easy to use. This scanner is incredibly easy to use. It scans nice quality pictures and it scans fast! I really love that it s just hooked up by a 
External Antenna for Garmin GPS. Using a Garmin West Marine 76 series GPS in my car or motor home was difficult due to satelite blockage by the vehicles metal bodies. 
what a deal. what a great deal these are 1 fifth the cost of my local chains i will be bac  
decent headphones for the price. These are easily adjustable and the reversible earcups work fine. For the money, they aren t a bad set of headphones. They fit a little 
fast, really faster than my old ones. I am happy to have several Sandisk products, and all of them are excellent.  
Protection is the key word. Am ordering my second one due to a misplaced PDA contained therein. Bulky...yes, Sticky Velcro...yes, Saved PDA from many drops over 5 years...YESSSS. No need 
nice product. Nice product. One complaint ... the hinges are so small tiny that the cover falls off  
good product. Some sort of insurance policy is always a good idea for expensive electronics, so this was a no brainer  
Outstanding Product. I use this scanner primarily for text documents and couldn t be more impressed. You do need text software - I have Textbridge - but I find relatively 
Great product for the most part... This is a great wall mount shelf. There aren t a lot of 30 lb shelf mount speakers out there. I have Klipsch RS-62s 
Ditto the general consensus. Excellent sound, with ample bass, good color, solid definition--I could easily make out details I hadn t heard with the stock iPod earbuds or my last 
Great Midi Controller. Very easy to use, I am doing lots new of things. If you do music or remix with abbleton is great !!  
Awesome for a budget minded system. The Polk RM6750 speaker system gives you everything you need to put together a superior home theater system on a budget. We put a 
Quality system. I don t know much about audio, nor do I have a good basis for comparison. But FWIW, the system works fine and sounds good  
Magellan vehicle mtg. bracket. This unit was shipped rapidly and worked exactly as I expected  
FYI - Receiver is no longer adjustable to 90 degrees. I received a previous version of this mouse as a promotional gift from Microsoft, and since have not been able 
Amazing!. This is the best alarm clock I have ever had! We live in the mountains and the self setting mechanism still worked within 10 minutes. Two alarms and more 
Worked the way expected. Installed at a client to build tunnel from his home to his office to connect to Linksys R0V81 VPN router. Was very easy to configure and 
Perfect performance, as expected. I have had a Cobra 25NW for some time, and my son really admired it, so I got him one for X-mas. Amazon.dot-com made it happen 
Very nice packaging plus good functionality. Very nice, compact unit. Great for laptop due to small size plus protects LAN connection. Totally agree with reviewer Rizzo about sliding button on 
Well worth it!. We purchased this keyboard for Christmas. The kids love it! They can play songs by following the lit keys. It has made my daughter 7 yrs. old 
Pleased w the performance, but ...... While I like the performance of any product that Toshiba makes I was disappointed when I discovered two dents on the front of the 
See Update: Not 5 Star anymore-Avoid this product. Everyone that sees the picture this projector gives wants one. You d expect to pay much more for this quality. The picture 
Worth The Price. If you are looking for an inexpensive iPod, then I would recommend this.  
viking usb 512mb. nice simple design, easy to use, worked great for me so far  
completely 100 satisfied!. I can t remember when I felt so good about an online purchase. The product is more than I expected for the money and the quick service 
Excellent Product and Price. Simply plug and play. Additionally Dazzle Reader shows up as a separate drive under Window s. Easy to move files back & forth to the reader. 
Product receive as expected and arrive on time. Product receive as expected and arrive on tim  
great product. My son really, really enjoys the interactive books. The books go through these batteries very quickly. I ordered 2 packs of these and they work EXACTLY the same 
Such great protection!. I love my iSkin case for my iPod! I bought one for myself and my boyfriend. This case offers the best protection that I ve seen, and 
Good case but very bulky. This is an excellent heavy-duty case that gives near full protection for your iPod sans the clickwheel and makes for great shock protection.However, the case 
What a great fan!. I love this product! I have actually bought 6 of these Wind Curve fans in recent months. The design is pleasing. It doesn t take up 
Great player for baby toddler. My toddler abuses this player and after 6 month it still plays all types of DVDs.Actually having no controls on the player is great under 
Skeptical at first but now Love it!!. For the longest time I really didnt think 12 a month was worth this kind of radio but after buying the sr-2000 and 
Nice . . . Really Nice!. Ok, if you have two monitors side by side, or a single wide-screen format, this is the way to go! I use this tablet 
Compact way to carry excellent sound. My main focus in buying this product was getting a headset that sounded excellent and could fit almost unnoticeably into my pocket. That is 
An overachiever but still practical and dependable. I m was simply looking for the least expensive ordinary CD player that could be counted on to read disks for an extended 
Damn near perfect. This is the second Bluetooth mouse I ve owned. The first Bluetooth mouse from a different manufacturer was so bad, I took it back after 2 days 
Ads Gigabit Speed to my Desktop. All you need is an open PCI slot, , and 5 minutes to install and get gigabit speeds. Oh and a gigabit switch. : 
This thing is solid!. This is my first power console so I don t have anything to compare it with, but I bought a huge Sony HDTV last year and 
I was shocked........ When I was looking to buy a microphone, I was like the blind leading blind. Then when I received this one, I was pleasantly surprised. It was 
Nice Little Stereo. If you re looking for bells and whistles look elsewhere. If you re looking for 3 or 5 disc changer, not this one. If you need a 
Precautions on assembly. Becareful when you unpack the shelving materials. There are 8 circular styrofoam spacers on two square sheets of styrofoam that look like packing material. You could easily 
Well worth the . I previously had tried to connect my PC sound card to my stereo receiver in order to play my MP3 s on a real system and 
Great basic mount. I bought this mount to put up a 42 Hitachi Plasma on my kitchen wall.The kit was very complete with screws and washers for just about any 
Best. Remote. Ever. I bought this remote after reading a lot of reviews online, thanks Cnet , and truly it s a great remote. Button layout is ideal and it 
Works great,Out of the box. Now I can listen to Sirius in every room in my house. On the porch, deck, garage, bedrooms and bathrooms.Bought the Advent system and returned 
Great phone system. We purchased two of these handsets along with the digital answering system to replace the mix of phones in the house. They are easy to set up 
Excellent quality. Very good picture quality and the cable itself is very robust. Outer diameter of each is about 1 4 . Very good deal at this price  
It s so small you can t believe it!. I bought this memory for my Z610i from Sony-Ericsson. When I first saw the memory I could not believe how small 
Only one... I can t beleive that Amazon allows only one reviewer to be used for a review. There should be at least 20 peoples input to be used before 
Does the job. I wanted this so that I could tune into the TV stations at the gym. Reception is great and I can easily flip from listening to the 
Cordless phones. The phones and answering device look good and work well. We had a little trouble setting the system up as the directions included were not pertinent to the 
Good, but not perfect. If you re looking at this page you probably already know a lot about HP calculators. Chances are you either had a 32SII and don t 
Incredible Sound for an Incredible Price. I m not one to explain or understand most audio specs, compare systems or buy the most expensive audio components there are. This 3 
Its a DVD book. I thought it was a CD book, but no... It is a DVD book, so there is a place to put a full size picture of 
Was what I needed. I bought this for my new Sony Ericson W300i phone so that i could actually put some music on the phone. It came with a MS 
good drive but the price. found this drive cheaper at provantage.com after i bought i  
Be sure to pick the right software package. The first peron to review this incorrectly stated that it doesn t come with software for handhleds. That person chose to buy 
Router s Security Log Useful. I had a Linksys equivalent router, but my network ground to a halt, and Linksys felt their router after downloading new firmware was at fault. 
Good deal. Good sound, reasonable price. Would recommend this product to anyone who does not need an extra long cord  
Great Value - Expect what you pay for... I bought one of these for my shop based on its small size, price, and features, primarily the digital tuner. I plugged 
Excellent Product. I have had no problems with this cassette adapter. I have read previous reviews that cited problems with background noise, but I found that if I turn the 
Comfortable, but small. As far as comfort goes, the gel rest attached this mouse pad can t be beat. The fabric and the gel wrapped in it make for a 
Completes the set for your Airport Express. The cable set that comes in this item is what ought to have been included in the Airport Express. This comes with a 
Poor Man s MP3 CD player. After reading reviews on this and other products, I decided to go with the Dual XDM-6820. I got it from Amazon for 79 and 
Good for the price. Picture is very grainy, and running the camera often causes a two-second delay in chat audio on Skype, but it does a pretty decent job for 
best gift ever. I bought this item for my mother inlaw and I was the hit for christmas! She loves it and uses it everyday. This is a great present 
Cheap Noice Cancelation. These Ear Filters are great for Airplanes. They reduce a great deal of the noice. The best part is that they are very inexpensive. I use these 
Worth the research!. I did a lot of internet searching for reviews on the Foretrex and other handheld GPS s before I plunged, and having been the proud owner for 
Isnt cheap looking, very funcitonal. It has a nice look to it and has all the pockets you could ever need. My laptop fits nicely in it and the strap 
Bought 3, works in linux. Upgraded my home file web setup to GigE with three of these and an accompanying Netgear router. Works without any hitches. Linux support is great. 
was worth the upgrade. I have the Audiovox SIR-PNP2, with home kit. I purchased the Terk SIR-6, and Terk SIR-EXT50 extension kit with signal booster. For me, this purchase has 
Works great for me!. This thing works great. I already own one for my Sansa e260 that I got for Christmas. I bought this maybe a week after Christmas and 
Don t Settle for Imitations!. I ve had Canon printers using this cartridge for more than a year and won t settle for any of those knock-offs. Yeah, they re 
Great product. Purchased this product lookig for a switch that allowed me to connect multiple systems to my home network. And it does that function exceptionally well. I had multiple 
Upgraded from S900. I ve just upgraded from a Canon S900 printer that I ve owned since 2002. My initial impressions are favorable based on direct comparison with S900 pictures. 
Very good. This product is worth for the money. Though it is not very fast between frames, it is good for video chatting and other applications. If you are looking 
Polk R15 Speakers. These little speakers are terrific. I replaced a pair of bulky Infinity speakers with these and the size difference alone made these appealing. However, coupled with a 
Exactly What I Wanted. This product is exactly what I wanted. Has great features and records well. I have one beaf: I can t figure out how to use it 
Great speed and range but at first it killed my laptop. Extreme N Cable Router has fantastic range and speed. My laptop seems like it s hooked directly to my 
Just what I expected. I read the other reviews before I ordered and received just what I expected for the price - a nice turntable with a decent sound. I 
just great!. This is just great for a single VPU video card, the cooling system works great, moving all the hot air outside the CPU. The software overclock is good 
Nice product Nice service. I could easily found Amazon is the cheap seller of this product. Others will the same item for less online but they charge big amount of 
Great Product. This is a wonderful product for someone who is not into scrapbooking,to me that is a waste of time. This product allows you just add your photos and 
Really great product!. The Logitech Cordless Presenter is a fantastic tool for people who give PowerPoint presentations. The plug n play feature is very nice if you are using a 
Solid Wall Mount. Overall, very happy with this mount. Used it for an Olevia LT37HVS and it works as advertised. A little frustrating that it rotates a little too easily, 
It s a cable, it works. The title really says it all, it s just a cable and it works. It s a very expensive cable by modern standards, you 
Necessary Calculus Tool. Superb way to double check your calculus homework! Otherwise, how do you know if you got the even numbered ones right  
Good Value. I was very surprised at how good the color is on this TV. I ve has it for a year and love it and many friends have bought 
They got it right. Great product at a good price....very satisfied with sound and operation.  
It s all here!. This gives you all the colors you need in one handy package and as an added bonus you get the photo paper  
Love it so far. After being introduced to the Gigabeat by a family friend, I read a lot of customer reviews since I did want to replace my 2 Gb 
Very well constructed set of wires. I was surprised at the thickness of these wires. They are thick enough that my cats won t be able to chew through them, 
Great value for money!. I bought this keyboard as a 10th birthday present for my son who is about to start learning the piano. It provides a perfect starting instrument 
Great standard-level headset. After my Audio .90s died, I shopped around and listened to my friend s headsets and decided to go Icemat. Upon starting to play games with it, 
nice for the price. I basically like them. The sound quality is high compared to all my previous headphones.  
Handy. This is great for any college, grad, law, or med student. Holds all school and office supplies that might be needed to conduct business. Excellent for those on the 
Great little TV for the price. If you re looking for something to catch the news while sneaking a smoke on the patio or watching the game as you return 
amazing.. This is the best t.v. we ve ever owned. Our last 46 hd was total junk.. sitting out on my front porch! Will NEVER buy that brand again.This t.v. 
Great looks and sound for the money. Just received my headphones from Amazon and I love them. They are very comfortable and sound great. They seem to be very well 
I would not even consider another thumb drive. It has got to the point where I would not even consider purchasing another thumb drive, even though cheaper drives abound. The 
Reliable Blank CD-Rs. I ve been using these Memorex CD-Rs for years and have no problems with their reliability. Have used them with multiple CD and DVD burners without compatibility 
Epson PictureMate Snap 4x6 Photo Printer. Epson PictureMate Snap 4x6 Photo Printer is a great little printer that produces very nice quality photos. It is easy to use and very 
Nice component. I bought this Boombox also for the Roady XT so I could listen to XM in the office. I chose this particular one because it had the ability 
Like it so much bought it for a friend. I like the sound of mine so much I bought one fo my friend for his birthday. It s not super 
Quality Case...a bit small to hold all!. I purchased this case along with the Coby DVD 8500 portable player...the player fits nicely...but after filling the accessory holder with the AC 
Buggy, but im still hopeful. I just bought this device and wanted to share some key points with you.By the way I upgraded the firmware to the latest version 1.2b.1 
Received the correct SD card. Since there is this issue of people getting the wrong card, I just wanted to say Amazon did send the correct card.I have a Nikon 
No complaints!. Everything works as described. Shipped when it was supposed to. Wish everything was that efficient  
No Problems. The Item i ordered came on time and in good condition. I find verbatim makes the best quality recordable dvd s  
It s a memory stick. What s to review?. This memory stick not only holds my information, but helps me get dressed, brush my teeth and feel better about myself. 
great deal. I guess everything is going to need more storage space. when you get a deal you must buy this. It is enough for all the needs from pictures 
Finally, an FM antenna that works for me!. Radio reception in my apartment is terrible. I have purchased a few indoor antennas, even a different Terk model, but none of 
Fantastic for the price. I bought this printer from Costco and got the wireless feature for the same price as the non-wireless version with a rebate. It s works extremely 
Great all-around speakers for iPod. HIGHLY recommended!I purchased these speakers so I could carry them to and from work in my backpack to allow listening to my iPod at work. 
Great in ear headphones!!. I love these headphones, they re great. But you won t like them if you don t like things in your ears. But other than that, 
Excellent LCD. Extremely satisfied. Purchased this for our kitchen and the picture just jumps out at you! Especially in HD. Its bright, sharp, and detailed. The silver frame and stand 
Cleans Dirty Disks. Overall I am pleased with this product. It doesn t actually remove scratches or anything miraculous like that but definately does a good job of cleaning the 
ACOUSTA-STUF POLYFILL Does The Job!!!. I m a dyed-in-the-wool Mighty Wurlitzer fan, and having just received my two Dayton 300-632 10 100 watt ported subwoofers wanted to see what just 
Great item !. I got this to connect my computer tv card to my tv. Works perfect. In fact, I went to Radio Shack and the salesman told me you 
Pretty good so far!. Bought it at Target for about 32 and used it for the first time last night. I have a bad cold as we speak and for 
No problem. I am using the cigarrete lighter connection and both cables without any problems  
Nice Player BUT. Nice if used as a MP3 player stand alone. When using the included indoor outdoor antenna with the home stand, forget it. The antenna does not pick 
Debated to be the best gaming mouse. -It might not have a fly wheel scrolling but the 2000dpi does show its fangs in FPS games. Really cool mouse.-Had no problems 
Amazing little device!. This microphone is so tiny, you d think it wouldn t record anything... well, quite the opposite!! It s a very good microphone. You can just put 
Targus wireless pointer is easy to use. I found the targus wireless pointer to be very easy to use. I just had to plug it in and it was ready. 
execellent. fits perfectly, low profile, black doesn t stand out. No noise when turning. Just what i wanted  
Backup & ReadyBoost. I bought this chip to use as backup for Outlook and my important files and it is wonderful. It also works great as a Windows ReadyBoost drive 
good memory. all i did was plug it in and reboot and the memory was recognized. works like a char  
Handsome, useful, but not perfect. Well, as the title says, this is a nice case, but there are a couple problems.It looks very good, and it keeps the iPod safe, 
Good product, would be better with a couple of changes. The ToughSkin does a good job of protecting my Nano. It is a tight fit, so it was a little 
Great Labeler for many purposes. This is a great buy for a labeler. Main draw for me was being able to print 3 lines on the 1 2 tape. It 
Nice lookin case. I got this case for my iPod and I m pretty pleased with it. It looks sharp and fully protects my iPod from getting scratched or scuffed 
Great piece at a great price. When I was shopping for a flash drive, I saw that someone complained about the slow speed of this drive. It almost scared me 
Great value!. If your are looking for a big mouse this is for you, I m using for my laptop, the thing is I really don t like those mini 
Quality all the way. After looking around at headsets for about a year this is the first pair that really jumped out at me. It seemed like all the other 
Kingston memory. I upgrade my pc with Kingston KVR133X64C3 512 512MB 133MHz Non-ECC CL3 DIMM Memory Module and it works more rapidly than before.It s have been worth buying  
Works GREAT for me!. I use this in the car when I want to listen to something on my Rio MP3 player. I think it is fantastic. No complaints about 
I put it on, and it never came off!. There s not really a lot to say about this product - it protects your nano, the material is good quality, 
Good buy. This video card installed without any problems. It was needed to play a new game. Works great  
Great price and reliable hardware. We had compared prices and for the 9.99 price it was a good deal. Easy to install in minutes and works great on multiple machines 
Beware Type-M. This card is the largest size that will allow clean video with FinePix cameras from 2004 or earlier. The picture-to-picture lag time is minimal with this card and 
okay but not the best. okay, here is my advice:buy the musicly hopeless pakage. trust me. i actually bought both sets and this is the second bes  
rechargeable CRV3 battery. A good value product. A wright price for the goods.  
Great value. This is a great A V receiver and an amazing bargain: it compares favorably with other units I looked at up to the 700 price range. The one 
Battery for Panasonic Digital Camera. We ordered the PowerSmart DPS003 Li-ion battery pack as a spare backup for our Panasonic DMZ-FC20 digital camera. We have used this rechargeble battery for 
Great mic!. We bought this to use with our WS-300M to record a class. We thought the stereo would result in a better quality recording. In the end, we set 
appears to be all that was advertised. the turntable functions well and the software does a good job of converting the vinyl  
If only I had purchased one sooner... As a third-year post-secondary education student majoring in Mathematics, I can certainly tell you that this item, had I purchased it like 3 
smith3675. The product does everything it claims. However, they could have spent a few more hours and bucks working on the instruction manual, adding another LED to actually let you 
Large and spacious. We bought this bag for our new camcorder. It was much more spacious then we had intended. The bag is built to store bottled water, keys, passports. 
So far, so good. I bought this product about a month ago. The price is hard to beat & the delivery was fast too 2 days . I have used 
amazing... I am in the US Navy, in the Avionics the and it is the calculator of choice for Avionics Technicians doing trig and electronics calculations. Makes the higher level 
Great Product. I love this product. I purchased the Edge 305 to go on a new bike, it was easy to install, with decent instructions. It was easy to get 
Great Wireless Router. I just installed the Linksys WRT54GX4 Wireless-G Broadband Router with SRX400 and it provides a great connection throughout my house. The router is installed in my office 
Very Good. It s a great buy. The only problem that I have is the DNle won t stay on and no one can seem to tell me how to 
Father s Day Present. My husband told me he would like a Sony RM-AX4000 HomeTheater Remote Control for Father s Day. As Father s Dayapproached, I realized I couldn t 
Computer to go. Bag is attractive and very sturdy. The computer fits securely and is well padded. I recently used it on a trip and was able to place other 
Wonderful Keyboard. This is the second G15 keyboard I ve purchased, not because the first one broke, because it s such a great keyboard. Now I keep one at home, 
Lifesaver. I was so happy with my new lable printer, so it was a slap in the face when I found out I couldn t find the right adapter to 
What a change. I simply had to remark and let you know if you are looking for a great photo paper to print out your photo s on, this is 
Tivoli Model 1 a great little radio... The Tivoli Audio Model 1 is a very good sounding and beautiful looking radio and that s about it. It does not try 
DVD Player meets and beats expectations!. Got it for an early xmas present and couldn t be happier. The price, looks, and performance can t be beat!  
Stuck battery cover, easy fix. Yes, the battery cover is incredibly hard to open on an unmodified mouse, but this can be fixed if you round the lip on the 
Worked right out of the box. I purchased this USB drive to backup my Olive Musica music server. I booted the drive, plugged it into the Musica, and it was 
2-Year Replacement. Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year  
Electric Keyboard. It is exactly what I ordered. I really should have ordered the 88 notes keyboard but did not know it at the time. Not Yamaha s fault  
Kingston 128mb Memory Card. This card has all of the memory space required for my personal use. I would recommemd it to others  
Works well with TutorVista. I purchased this item as it is recommended for use with tutorvista sessions. My son, age 15, installed and uses the cyber tablet himself. He s 
Affordable Radar Detector. I got this for Christmas last year. My wife ordered it from Overstock and installed it as soon as I opened it on Christmas. For the first 
Replacing it with the exact same model. Mine got fried in a storm the other night. I love it so much that I am going to get this exact same 
is this sony a sony?. great sony, whilst i d refused to buy another sony product after 800 one year trinaton tv experience, this cd changer hopefully will prove to 
Solid pack. This pack suits my needs wonderfully. So far, no tears or stress related damage and I ve tried to put this thing through the motions  
Works well, but have problem with MS Keyboard. The main reason I purchased this product was because it supported 1920x1200 with a DVI Interface. The product works as advertised. The 
Amazing product. Contrary to the first review below, these speakers have very good volume, particularly considering their size. The high frequencies and mid frequencies sound very acceptable for a laptop 
Garmin Forerunner. Perfect for me as I get bored with the same running route. Now I can just take off and I can tell how far I have gone. I 
works well, wish it had better range... I have some doubts that this product gets anywhere near the 400ft range it advertises, but it works nonetheless, and really considering that 
It s a CD wallet, people. It works. It holds a bunch of CDs DVDs. you can t add more envelopes, but it s fairly hard sided, so it ll 
Brother HL-5140 Laser Printer. An ideal printer for home use, maybe even office applications. The speed is excellent, the print quality very good, and there seems to be plenty of 
A prerequisite for all iPod owners. I was excited this past Christmas to get an iPod, but immediately downtrodden when the screen was scratched bad on the first day I 
Great Small Speaker with Bigger Sound than Expected. First, I should say that I am big fan of JBL speakers. I have a set of 135 surround speakers that I 
Exactly as advertised. Its tiny, it works perfectly. Not much more to be said. I was a little concerned with the shipping since it came in such a massive package 
sweet and nice price!. I got this at Amazon for a great price. Its an sd card so how much can you say? It does what its supposed to do 
THE BEST OVERALL MOUSEPAD, PERIOD. Let s see...a 95 cent mouse pad, how could you go wrong? But don t start thinking this pad is not worth buying because the 
What can you say?. Exactly what I expected, a roll of fairly flat speaker cable for running under carpet, etc. I ran it under an area rug across our living 
Almost perfect. We got this drum set for my 3 year old son on his birthday. This was his second set of drums. He absolutely loved it. I only wish 
No Problems. We have had this ipod for several months now and it has not given us a single problem. The songs sound good and it nice that the size 
The perfect carrying case!. Sling it over the shoulder, pack it on you back, or carry it with one hand. This computer case, not only offers three confortable ways to 
TIVOLI AUDIO M1WJHT KLOSS MODEL ONE AM FM TABLE RADIO. WE PURCHASED THIS AS AN ANNIVERSARY GIFT AND THE SOUND IS GREAT. WE ENJOY IT ALMOST AS MUCH AS OUR 
Front Row for non intel mac s. I bought this remote to be able to use front row on my powerpc based mac and it works great. I ve had 
Good mouse for the price. I have been using this mouse at work since it came out. After many miles of use, the scroll wheel has finally started to fail. 
Essential for a Network. The WAP55AG was so easy to setup. Compared to past Linksys access points, there was no need for software installation as XP can determine configuration automatically. 
ADS Tech Video. This little unit is easy to use and ready to go!!!! Not one problem with it so far, I ve been using it for over two months 
Good Value. I was very surprised at how good the color is on this TV. I ve has it for a year and love it and many friends have bought 
Great way to get all your electronics plugged into one power strip. I really like this power strip. It s large and heavy, owing to its metal construction. The outlets 
san disk compact flash card. So far I havent filled up my disc yet using it. Thedisc that came with it would fill up after 3 minutes oftalking. So far 
Finally a Router that Works. I had many years ago a d-link router that had problems. Since then I was using Edimax and Linksys WRT54GS . The latter was crashing 
When You Have the Whole Electronics Store Attached to the Computer. So many auxiliary devices these days require power converters whose plugs will not fit adjacent to each other on 
Great cable for the price. In all honesty when it comes to fiber cables there is only one reason to pay more, the better cables are more flexable before breaking 
it s perfect bought with Belkin Audio Y Cable Splitter 1-Mini Plug 2-RCA Plugs 6FT . it s work best on aspire 5670 with the Belkin Audio Y Cable Splitter 
These are GREAT batteries. The life on these things is amazing :D I just got a digital camera and I ve been taking tons and tons and tons of pictures 
Great Deal!. I was shopping at a local circuit city and saw this wonder thing on sale....unfortunately they were sold out....so i looked online and found it also on sale 
Spectacular. I wasn t sure what to expect when buying such a high end item on the internet. What a pleasant surprise. After many months of comparing TV S I 
Does its job. This is a solid piece of equipment. Good quality, withstands a lot of weight, perfect for nearly any application that requires raising  
Excellent purchase ... The initial flash card that came with my camera was far too short to save pictures. When I went surfing for another flash card with some depth, 
No Problems. We have had this ipod for several months now and it has not given us a single problem. The songs sound good and it nice that the size 
The best headset for a reasonable price. Upon reveiving the EDIMENSIONAL AudioFX Headset i eagerly pluged it in and started up Day of Defeat : Source. I had no idea 
Nice upconverting DVD player. I am happy with this upconverting DVD player. It plays DVDs and MP3 CDs.The only gripes I had was the flimsy tray and no eject button 
HOLY COOL!. This is the best ipod case, and seriously...., i ve tried em all! Even though it s called Showcase Video 60, it fits both the 60 and 80GB 
Works Great!!!!. Excellent little device, we love it. Just call CS when you are ready to install they were great  
My Zen Baby. This is my first MP3 player so I don t have anything to compare it to but I love it. The sound is unbelievable, the picture is 
The XD Picture Card is fast and efficient. Although a little expensive for its size, it is very fast when deleting, viewing, and taking photos. The 64MB card is a 
Compact, sleek and efficient. Purchased this phone a month ago and have been very pleased. It is compact and sleek looking. We read the reviews not only on Amazon but 
hevykevy. I ve owned the KX-TG5100M for three years now with a total of four handsets. Sure, I had to replace the original batteries after the first year 70 for 
Good Hard Great Price. I bought this hard drive because Lacie has been reliable. I ve had this one a few weeks with no major problems and it s easy 
Your very own 12 tiny Power Rangers. I used to hate batteries. That was until I used these little babies! Stay back - I ve got a Rayovac should be 
Great Monitor. I have owned the previous version of this monitor, the 213T, for about 6 months and was completely happy with it. The only problem was the refresh rate 
Perfect for my needs. I bought a slingbox tuner so that I could watch sporting events remotely and I am quite satisfied with it. Setup was simple and without problems. 
Great MP3 Player. This is a very nice light weight mp3 player.pros: it has the easiest to navigate screen of all the mp3 players I have had, decent transfer rate, 
Excelente producto. El lector de huellas funciona a la perfeccion incluso con un browser distinto al Microsoft Explorer, como el Avant Browser. No solamente con los programas de internet, sino 
RAM that Works. Installed and functioned just fine. Great price for name brand memory, and boosting my system RAM to 2GB has improved performance. Would purchase Kingston memory again  
does a great job for the price. I love these headphones. I work in an office with tons of cubes and it does an excellent job of cancelling out the 
A Very Good Tuner. It is a very effective tuner, with a very good price as well. I really recommend it for every guitar beginner. However, Oh one thing, the 
A must for HTPC. I used this mobo in a 2nd HTPC build and I couldn t be more pleased. Setup was a breeze and mobo arrived earlier than expected 
This storage device doesn t disappoint. I bought this external hard drive back in January and I love it. I bought this one because I quickly filled up my 40GB 
It is the best on the Market!!. I GOT THIS CABLE LAST WEEK TO CONNECT MY STEREO SPEAKES TO MY T.V., AND NOW WHEN I WATCH MOVIES THE SOUND IS 
This was great. Bought this to make use of all the spare SD cards I have around the house. It is fantastic. It fits in to my Laptop s USB 
WOW! AMAZING QUALITY!. I have always been a bit of a skeptic when it comes to things like TV resolution and the different degrees of high definition etc. However, going 
MP3 Speaker Docking station. Really love this product. It is small, lightweight,and easy to use. Highly recommend it  
Can t complain. Shipped fast, easy to set up, and great picture with no dead pixels. For the price, it is VERY easy to overlook the primitive stand that it 
Good but not LOUD!. The title pretty much says it all: I thought this dock was going to produce some rocking sounds like I get with my earbuds, but alas: 
printer. it is a very good printer I give it only 4 star becauce if I want to print more than on page on a row it has long delay 
James B Bangs - Texas. Upgrade to this large 2GB Xd-flash Memory Cards an have the room for more pictures than you ll use, its great not to worry about 
Excelente. La compra se efectuo sin problemas y fue entregado dentro del lapso de tiempo indicad  
Great product!!!. Movies look great. Like the idea that I can put a whole box set of dvds and not have to get up to change it.  
Fantastic Paper. I do my own fine art prints and this paper works fantastic. I use the Epson 2200 and epson has custom settings built in already for this paper 
Scott in Maine. The Creative Zen is outstanding. Took a little while to get use to the controls but the sound is incredible. I bought one for my wife as 
easy to set up and use, fairly good quality. I got a few sets of these and sent as x-mas gifts for family so we could stay in touch. I 
Incredible, from what I can tell. I picked up the 327V just before New Year s. I found it in a large electronics chain store for just under four hundred 
What a difference. Upgrading to this sound system made a tremendous difference. Music, games and movies sound great and the volume you can crank it up to is amazing. Setup 
Great CD CDRW cleaner. Outstanding cleaner for your CD or CDRW, MP3 player. Takes you through many diagnostic tests. Even has a Dolby test. Well worth the money and you 
Serious WOW! factor on TV and Delivery. For months I researched both what HDTV to buy and how best to buy it. I had pretty much decided on 50 inch 
economical wall mount. Be warned that you will have to buy extra anchors if you are going to mount it on a metal stud.  
Cheap and no too bad. It is pretty cheap stuff. I did not expect excellent quality, however, in my speedlite 420, it works excellently, and supposed to provide more than 
Great product!. Holds an extreme amount of photos. The memory card fits perfectly in my HP printer, but not in my HP computer  
Excellent entry level system. This is my first home theater system. Up until now, I had been using an old Kenwood two channel stereo and two stereo speakers with my 
Easy to use, and fast, too!. I found the Midland AVP4 Dual Desk Top charger to be very easy to use. Plug the transformer in, plug into charger, drop radios 
Good gaming headset. As a gamer, this headset is ideal. My husband and I both have one and being one sided we can hear both the people on the computer 
Great System. I was blown away by the sound quality. Good system at a reasonable price. I would recommend this system to all my friend  
Tons of storage with this media card!!. This is a super media card, perfect for storing and transfering lots of extra pictures  
A Solid Piece of Audio Hardware. If you are using multiple zones for an all room audio system like mine, you need to have strong hardware help you control the 
Refurbished Printer and Scanner. I can t speak for all the dealers in refurbished equipment. But I ordered the BJC-85 from Raintree and it was delivered in 3 days... works 
Stop Those Tickets!. I love this radar detector! I was able to change the color of the top to match the inside of my car red and it looked like 
Delphi offers this unit for under 20 bucks!. Ya, waiting to buy this thing was definetly worth it. Delphi sent me an email with a link to their web site 
TomTom s a winner!. Received the TOMTOM 300 before date promised in perfect condition even though the box was dented. Good packing! I have used the TOMTOM to go from 
Excellent remote for older folks. Although the instructions are somewhat cryptic, I managed to distill the necessary setup instructions down to a simplified list of steps easy enough for my 
Very good. It seems that you either love or hate the Rino 110 Frs Gmrs Gps. Before I bought mine, I had heard of some that used theirs in Iraq 
Great Prices on SD cards!. SD cards are dropping in price on a daily basis it seems.I don t like to use too large of a capacity since my tragic 
Actually, Quality Does Matter. First, disregard my rating as I don t actually have these cables.However, the first poster is completely wrong when he says quality doesn t matter in 
Love this product. The quality if this paper is superb. I purchased it just to see the difference between the glossy and although the glossy paper quality is just as 
Awesome Speakers. I purchased these speakers in order to be able to have some music on an upcoming vacation, and boy was I happy. the speakers fold up into a 
Stable burning. Have absolutely no complaints about these discs at all. The main issue is with getting any dirt on them before a burn as is the case with all 
Direct Comparison Between Linksys and TrendNet. This is a direct comparision between the Linksys WUSBF54G and TrendNet 509UB.Both perform as expected when used as a standalone hot spot detector.Both perform 
Velvet Epson art Paper came quickly and in good condition. Just what I wante  
Simple but effective. Simple, but does what it s supposed to. Allows you to connect the audio output of a laptop PC iPod, etc., to the audio input on your 
The Best Deal You Can Find. This Television is fantastic. It is a great TV or monitor. I had no problem setting up this display for both. It is easy 
IOGEAR Universal Memory Drive Hi-Speed USB 2.0 Memory Card Reader Writer. Esaki si ta campion, un tremendo idea di e sistema pa por load up un potret digital ariba bo 
Strong overall system. Good user interface, nice high voltage pre-outs 5v , good bluetooth features and a strong onboard amp and equalizer. No real negatives come to mind. It s 
THX, and a bargain to boot!. I essentially bought the Onkyo 804 receiver to replace a 10 year old Onkyo model that was not a digital unit obviously . I 
BA HD Radio. This was easy to set up and has excellent sound for a table radio  
The Best Cheap Mp3 player for MAC or PC. I had this for 1 1 2 years. I am a MAC person. So I wanted the cheapest MAC compatible player 
Incredible Value. I ve been a musician for a good 20 years now, and I just wanted something cheap to use with my home studio setup.I was completely surprised by 
Awesome Space for little money. 1600 pics is alot. Alot easier than taking your laptop on a trip to dump the pics. This is a steal. I had a 1 
Netgear FVS114NA ProSafe VPN Firewall 8 Review. Installation was a snap. Has worked flawlessly. Highly recommend  
Lexmark #33 Color Print Cartridge. I was very happy with this purchase...speedy service...A1 quality...would order again  
Can t wait for the color version. They are everything the other reviewers said they were, and I, too, can t wait until the printing is darker and in color! 
Works great. I bought this for my son s old laptop as the usb ports are in back under a lid, so he could not insert a pen drive. This 
Max. Great product, everythings as stated. Really loud, crisp bass. I m going to buy another one at this price and quality and hook it up to a Y cable 
Best antenna money can buy. I only have an indoor antenna and this one gets the best reception and pulls in far away stations. It fits in my bookcase that 
These earbuds are THE BEST !. The ear buds that come with IPods just don t fit me right. My adult daughter bought these JBuds for herself, just like me, 
A great buy. The intuos3 6x11 tablet is nice because its like having a giant mouse pad. The mouse itself has five buttons that can be programed to do different 
Good, but with some surprising old Garmin faults. This is a brief initial review, see lower down for moreI bought this to replace a Tomtom Navigator 5 system running on 
Works perfectly. Works pefectly well. Computer text, windows, etc. will always be flickering and or blured on normal TV set  
Can t beat the price. The cost plus shipping still beats the sale priceof a similar item at Walmart. Works fine  
So far so Good!. I just got mine yesterday and played with it all day. The sound quality is there as I thought it would be! I like the looks 
Fantastic. I really love these speakers. The fidelity of the bass is terrific as per Come on Closer by Jem, say . My regular system has Magnaplanar speakers with a 
Just as advertised. Unlike the leather product offered by Targus. this one actually has enough room to hold the keyboard and a PDA. I own a Jornada 568 and it 
commuter bag. I have been looking for a bag to use for work and finally found one at a great price. Previously I have been using messenger type bags for 
Great for the money. Easy to use. I bought this for my husband for Christmas. He uses it at the gym. Great for the money. Easy to download songs. Sound 
Nexus car kit is as advertised, quality product. Very easy to mount, the vent clips seem to be improved over previous XM radio vent clips. The mounting adhesive and bracket 
Great product!. I don t agree with other reviewers who did not like this table. I think it s great! I use it as a portable desk for my laptop, 
Excellent Product. Fair Price. I searched locally at Circuit City, Radio Shack and Target for a similar product and found Amazon to be a better deal for a brand name 
Good. Bought last month. Only used for a couple of times. Till now, I am happy with it. Easy to use and reliable  
adapter from ps2 to usb. I am so impressed. I only use it for my keyboard not mymouse.  
Quick test. I bought a couple of microphones looking to replace my Plantronics .Audio desktop microphone. Of them were the Koss M-18, Logitech USB Desktop, and this one.This Olympus was 
easy to use and good quality.. It is really useful product.. I don t need to worry about tape any more.. and I can easily make DVD.. and enjoy with 
Compact and easy. worked like a charm right out of the box. nice accessible design  
Great sounding & loaded player, if you don t mind the learning curve. I did a lot of research before ordering this ite. CNET review is very helpful something reviewer 
It actually works. After fiddling with the idea of a wired music system, and then abandoning it, followed by a short-lived experiment with the Roku Soundbridge, my client and I 
Plays multichannel DVD-Audio and burned DVD-R s. After reading some of the previous reviews, I wanted to state that this player definitely plays back multichannel DVD-Audio discs. If you re 
great product. this shredder is an animal! it shreds multiple papers at once, has a nice reverse function, and with the mesh basket you can see how much room you 
512MB SD Memory Card does the job. The memory card was delivered promptly.It suits my needs at areasonable price.It works well in my application.  
I love this thing!. This is brilliant. When CDs were a pretty new thing twenty years ago I remember buying a Sony Walkman that cost me well over 200 and 
Great, robust little system. I am always amazing at the amount of flaming that Bose products seem to instigate on message boards. Clearly, people buy the stuff and so perhaps 
Affordable and works great!. The chargers provide fast charging and convienence without the high price. Just don t lose your removable interchangable connectors  
My Teenagers Like It. With two teenagers in the house now and not enough handsets to go around before, we picked this set up.The pros:- ability to have remote handsets 
Mine works great- some recommendations for other buyer s issues. Well, I ended up buying mine on closeout from Radio Shack for 149..I love mine... The sound really is great, 
Great performance, but overpriced. I got this on special from Amazon 99 free shipping , which is the only reason I purchased it. Klipsch is, I think, a little crazy 
Good Value. I bought these to improve my indoor photography of paintings and items for ebay. They are a decent value for the price although I will probably go for 
mine. this is wonderful. I really like it. very portable and saves alot of songs  
Olympus DM 20 ditigal recorder. I have used this recorder for recording meetings of a voluntary organization in order to distrubute CD s to people who wanted to be there 
Best antenna. using a cantenna which requires aiming and adjusting is frustrating but just plop this antenna down and start surfing lets me beable to get better signals while wardriving 
Great GPS with PDA functions. I recently bought this item. The GPS functions are great but take a little getting used to. Your can plan a trip and the PIN 
Awesome Street Style Earphones. I Bought this headphones man they rock.These good sound plenty of bass and treble and very clear with the gold plug . Very Comfortable for 3 
Docking Station is Perfect!. The size of this docking station is perfect, the sound quality is very adequate for what I was looking for. The remote control has been a 
I Love my iRiver!. I had this exact iRiver and when I loaned it out, it got lost. So he offered to replace it with even a better mp3 player 
Brother Label maker. I purchased as a gift and they just love it. It does everything they expected and more  
during day display is not visible. happy except the display is never visible during the day. night is good  
50 of the words. I used this during a two week excursion to Italy and Germany. While it is not a substitute for having some knowlege of the languages luckily 
AMAZING. A MUST BUY. Wow. I was convinced to buy this because of my friend, but I had no idea how fantastic the service was until I tried it. Now, 
Cool Looks!. This is the coolest ipod skin i have seen. It not only protects but makes the ipod look cool. I got one for me and for my uncle. 
Logitech Harmony 670 remote. I think the remote is fantastic. I currently have it operating about ten devices... TV, DVR, DVD, receiver to name a few and also an airconditioner 
Cheap & wellbuilt. This pack offers a cheap pack of 50 slim jewel cases. Buying this package with a spindle of DVDs or CDs is much cheaper than buing CDs 
Works better than I hoped. Despite some hurdles I had getting this KVM working I m overall pleased. It works good and I haven t noticed any mouse or keyboard 
Great pack, would recommend it. There s just a few of things I can think of as to improving this backpack, witch might just be a matter of taste. The 
radio. Sound quality is not great, and the knobs do seem flimsy. However, the reception is fine, and product works as described. I am overall happy with the purchase  
Great Product. I really love this paper on my epson r300. It does a great job on color and the prints are the best of any paper that I have 
Wonderful item. This has been a wonderful microphone for me. I heard it as the microphone used on the cd The Kitchen Tapes by Lori McKenna. I asked other fans 
Best Mouse Around. I have used several notebook mice and nothing beats this one for simplicity of use, easy storage, and guaranteed operation on most any surface  
Great Customer Service!. I messed up in ordering, customer servive really came to the rescue. They reinforced my feelings for a very well run site.The picture card is great also, 
Great Clock. Great Clock. Easy to setup, and use. Screen is easy on your eyes especially in the dark or low light. I really like the fact that the alarm 
battery. I almost bought a new phone because it was not working. The ability to purchase this battery saved me some bucks  
TDK works great. I have burned over 200 of these blanks with no troubles. Most important to me is the compatibility with all CD players, even older ones. TDK works 
Great antenna to the WMP54GS PCI card. I have this antena instaled on my WMP54GS PCI card along with the HGA7T antenna kit on my WRT54GS router na the signal 
the ultimate enhancement to a pocket pc. I use this with my dell axim x51v which does work perfectly, even though garmin would not say weither it would or not 
Great product. This is a great product. I bought it several years ago when I had an older PC that didnt have a internal card, and I bought high speed 
FANTASTIC PRODUCT. This HDTV is the best. The picture quality in HD is tremendous, BUT more importantly is that the non-HD stations are also great! That is what makes this 
Seagate External Hard Drive - great product!. If only other computer products were this easy to set up and use - highly recommend this product  
Audiphile 2496 For True Audiophiles. Like the name suggests, the m-audio audiophile 2496 is for true audiophiles. I have had this card for years and there still is few options 
Perfect peripheral. I bought this particular case 2 years ago when I got my Dell Inspiron. Haven t used it real hard but use it often. Has everything one needs 
Good product and on time delivery. The delivery and the product was good. I got what i was expecting  
Purple & Portable!. I bought my Lexar 128mb JumpDrive when the cost was much higher, and I still consider it a bargain. Large enough for most storage requirements, small enough 
Cheap, Fast, Reliable after 6 months at least . I use this in my fuji s9000 digital camera. No problems whatsoever -- able to record 30fps video w out any 
Great Scanner!. Great scanner for scanning in photos or just about anything you want. Easy to use too! You can crop, adjust your photo, scan in multiple photos, or add 
Well worth the price. Great headphones for running! They fit my ears perfectly and I don t have to worry about foam anymore.  
I love it. I have one of these that I ve used on a Titanium PowerBook G4 for a few years and I love it. I ve also used it 
Good Product - Good Value. I researched and studied inverters before buying this item. I found the recommendations found under the 5-Star review written by Steven W. Smith to be 
Works as advertised. This car kit took me about 10 minutes to install. Works great. This purchase was an upgrade from an earlier model. Works much better than the old 
A good remote for the money. This remote has a lot of capability for the price. When building my home theater I was looking for a remote that could handle 
Exactly what I ordered. This TV was a gift, but I had the opportunity to offer input on what I wanted. It s exactly what I wanted. It s easy 
Great product. I bought this for my laptop and have been very happy with it. I love the compact size. It s so easy to store in my laptop bag. 
Outside the box. This mounting stand truely is a marvel. I have a Blazer that really didn t a real secure place for placing my XM unit, and I didn 
review. Good machine, haven t had any problems after receiving a new machine. thanks so much. We are enjoying it  
Icemat Siberia Combo. This is the head set I was looking for. Excellent sound, comfort, and microphone. I use it for music, movies and Skyp  
Great product in spite of slightly flaky s ware. I ve had one of these for a year or so now and it s a great product - recommended. It 
Worth the money. I bought this webcam for my parents and one for myself. The camera is very easy to set up and use. We had some difficulty getting video 
A Must have for XM Receivers. This is a simple install. I bought two, one for my company vehicle and one for my personal car. With all of the travelling 
Love It. I have started to use this with my new gaming computer and i have found it a very nice product. I got it for 340 making it cheaper 
Very good not perfect, but better than Logitech DiNovo. I own this keyboard as well as the Logitech DiNovo. The Microsoft Wireless Entertainment Desktop 7000 is a better deal for 
This mouse is Ok. Design of this mouse is good, and it runs smooth too. But if you get a big hand, don t buy it  
Good quality, good service. I purchased the Midland radio for motorcycle use, with a headset mounted helmet. I am very pleased with the performance of the Midland radio. Recommend it 
Cordless phone battery replacement. Bought it as a replacement of my dying battery. Found a generic replacement from Radio Shack for more money so really no reason to buy it 
Good Value. Instructions for attaching the belt clip would have been nice. Overall this has been a good product. It does fit the Vision M VERY well. Actually the leather 
Great quiet humidifier. We purchased this for a 7-month old baby s room that is often very dry. Have owned a Holmes cold-mist humidifier in the past, but were looking 
Great product overall. This product is as advertised. It provides a strong protective case for your 60 GB Video iPod. It fits very well. The openings for earphones is large, 
A great addition to your iPod. I bought the itop at my local apple store and paid more than what Amazon charges making this a good deal.It works great when 
Like a USB flash drive. Software is not intuitive. Encryption will give the less knowledgeable some peace of mind. Hard drive plugs into USB and XP automatically recognizes it. I 
Great product and good quality keyboard and 99 price!!!. This is an excellent deal for a good learner lighted keyboard with microphone, LCD learning, power adapter also battery option - 
The very best earphones I ve ever used. These are really quite surprising phones. I tried them on an excellent system and they are better than my five hundred dollar 
Texas Instruments Graph-Link Serial Cable for Windows. This cable is further complimented with internet resources like ticalc.org. Use. Explore & Learn  
Great Product. This turntable exceeds my expectations. Works smoothly and quietly. Also is much sturdier than I expected  
Very good product. Easy to install, although it did not fit my TV from the start. I think however this is because my TV had non standard hooks  
AS GOOD AS EVERYBODY SAYS!. After thinking about a purchase like this and reviewing the reviews for weeks, I bit he 400 bullet and bought this unit. Now,we have affectionatley 
No problem. I bought it for my Canon S3 IS. First I tried it without formatting and fill it up with photos and video and no problems. Then I did 
Still the best DL- DVD. Verbatim DL R is by far the best double layer in the marketplace so far. I used so many of them and never had a 
Logic 3 Universal dock very good. It works perfect and the remote is great you can control your ipod from your seat. My system works perfectly with it.  
Among the best for FM transmitters... I recently purchased this as a replacement for my Monster Cable. I must say that I am quite impressed. This is the best FM 
Great Camera. A great camera ata nice price. I got one on eBayt and had it set up in my livingroom in less thatn 5 min. I was so excited 
list price isnt 400 . this makes no sence garmin says the list price for the gps map 76 is only 321 . I dont get about this is that 
I am a believer!!. I ve never liked universal remotes. It seems like they can never power everything up or down properly on a system with multiple components, or that 
Great way to replace your old DVD player. I just received the HD-XA2 player and I love it. The HD quality on my plasma is fantastic and the backwards compatability 
dirty deeds done dirt cheap. Nine bucks??? for 128mb??? I still have a lap top with a 250mb hard drive. This little baby is so low priced and convenient it 
Wow, what a great deal!. First off, let me say how excited I was to get this product. Many people have said things like how bad the software is, but 
Great and Cheap. The quality on the mic and the playback is remarkable. It says in the product description that you can get around 30 hours of record time on 
OCZ ROCKS !!!. I really don t think people should give bad reviews on good products because of their foolish mistakes. It s obivously no ones fault that you didnt 
Just what I Need. The objective was to improve speed when I m write down figures and doing maths... 100 acomplished...Maybe the keypad it s a solution for that kinf 
Just what I needed. I use this file box to separate documents I use regularly and it works fine. My only complaint is that the lid doesn t clamp down 
Best of the Best. I reschearched numerous GPS systems and this is without a doubt the best unit for the money. It requires no additional updates or software and the 
imagine that u play your favorite game without this keyboard. helloas i said this keyboard made my play a lot easier with the shortcute that it have on it and 
Nedessary accessory for all computer users. I replaced an older APC uninterruptible power supply with this one. I like the power bar design which makes it easy to use. It 
Review for HD Video Game Players. I recieved my TV today... and let me just say the picture is amazing. the other reviewers have gone over most everything but i 
This product works as expected after user mod. In order to generate a useful FM signal, peel back the decal on the back to expose the hole in the upper 
M 60 GB Dock. Just what I wanted at a very good price. Despite the storm in Colorado, got here on time.  
Great bargain. I join the chorus of other reviewers who rave about these speakers. I also had not heard them before buying them. I relied on Consumer Reports and comments 
1 GB card. I m afraid I don t know a lot about this technology. I went for economy and I am getting very good quality photos. I think I 
So far so good...but could be better. So I ve had thing for about a month now and as far as i can tell, Toshiba has made a good product 
Great Purchase. We did a ton of research on all the sites Consumer Reports, Cnet, etc. before we narrowed it down to either a Pioneer or Panasonic for a plasma. 
Good looks and great perfomance!. This is a nice sleek looking unit that matches my comcast motorolla cable box. I was easily able to figure out the settings and connections 
Like my garmin better. While the sports kit is very reliable and fun to use, I found it still to be more of an mp3 player than a training tool. 
Great product. I bought this product because the price of the Monsters Cables were outragous. I looked around online and read that this cable worked as well as the expensive 
Good KVM switch. I bought this switch last week. The installation was as easy as plug n play. No major problems so far. This switch is worth its price  
Great for Crusing. I picked this up to use on a Mediterranean cruise since the outlets in cruise ship cabins are scarce and usually located right at the edge of 
Canon MP460 Printer - Timely delivery. The delivery time was about 5 days. Pretty good for free shipping  
Awesome. These earbuds are definetly worth the money... they re 2000 times the sound quality of stock ipod earbuds. I personally don t know of ANY earbuds that parellel the 
Some Here Apparently Don t Get It. I m surprised at the reviews I see here.I bought a pair of these speakers for one reason and one only: I ve 
Works Great. I think this is a very good receiver. A number of people have complained about issues with the wireless FM Modulator and the static that is causes. I 
Works really nice, BUT too hard to program. I read the manual over and over but still is hard to use. The reception is not that good but if you 
Just what I needed. Was great to be able to order this labeling tape at such a good price and get a number at once - they are often not 
Excellent. I have used this card for about 6 months and never had any problems. I used it in a Canon G5 camera  
Good Stand. I like this monitor stand a lot. I have a very difficult desk to work with, so the possible keyboard storage underneath is very convenient. I haven t 
Highly Pleased w. Scanner. Simnply stated: it works - and well. I was amazed at how well it interpreted data on many different business cards and correctly assigned the info 
Works without any problems. I bought the Netgear WAG511 because there are existing drivers for Windows to use the Wireless Card in monitor mode. The card works for me perfectly 
AT&T Cordless Phone answering system review. The phone arrived promptly and in good order. I am pleased with it. Good product for the money so far  
Solid. I ve used and been exposed to numerous brands and styles of thumbdrives over the years. Overall, this is the best I ve seen.Pros:- Slightly tacky rubber coating is 
GOOD PRICE - GOOD DEAL. I HAVE PLUGED 3 USB CONNECTION HP ALL IN ONE, OPTICAL MOUSE, 1GB PORTABLE USB I HAVE USED THE PRODUCT FOR 1 MOUNTH WITH NO 
Rough in frames. When it says SINGLES there is only one in a box and you need to buy 2 for a pair of speakers. Adds up  
Great out of the box solution. I started searching for wireless surround speakers due to the configuration of my apartment. A wired solution simply would not work due to the 
Yowza. This is like, the bestest product evar. It greatly improved my home security system. Lola  
Stylish AND Easy to Use. What can I say, this is one stylish switch! Looks sweet. I purchased it for LAN parties at my house and I have to say 
What flair!. I really like this case. It seamlessly protects the iPod, but the functionality is fantastic  
Great little item, simply great. Some people seem to have had issues but I loved mine. I live in the Boston area and the iTrip always worked fine in the 
Pretty Good For Money. I have owned this for about a week and wanted to share some initial thoughts. All in all pretty pleased with the purchase. It was well 
Muy buena en general. Solo tengo algunos problemas para a veces introducir mi Laptop, en general esta muy buena.  
Great item. Had mine since December 1999 but noticed that the battery failed after about 3 years, like the other poster wrote, APC didn t list a replacement at first 
They work!!. We have cable TV. One of the network channels frequently had waves or ripples even though it came thru the cable box.The white cable from the cable company 
Mammoth screen, beautiful picture, and lots of extras. Flawed game performance. Samsung s 214T lords over other 20-inch panels with a screen that measures 21.3-inches on the diagonal. It boasts 
Great Case for Price. I like that the shoulder strap is easily removed so I can carry it by the handle when necessary. It is compact but still holds all 
Easy to configure, easy to use. This is a great product. It is easy to configure-about 10 minutes. It is easy to use for wired and or wireless applications or 
No more keyboard discoloration!. I was very distressed by discoloration on my white macbook keyboard, and the idea that a food drink spill could break the keyboard and the computer 
A Great Experience. This is a great product, not olny that combines technology and sports, also gives new meaning to running..just buy it and hit the road  
You Can t Lose With This. Aside from the fact that this item in now 6 cheaper than when I ordered it on 01-24-07, I highly recommend this case. I 
Product Review. The product was exactly what I required. It was remanufactured and came stated as such but I didn t mind. It was better than a used cable with 
Superb External Speaker for the iPod. I truly believe the iPAL is currently the best option available as a viable portable speaker system for the iPod, or for any mp3 
Couldn t have asked for more. The service from Amazon was great, delivery people were most cooperative, made delivery as promised, placed TV in space where we wanted and hooked 
Excellent. Works great on a Macbook. Other discs have given me trouble on my Macbook but these work well. Though I ve not gone through the entire spindle, all the 
Rewarding Purchase. This mouse was the perfect choice. It was easy to install, and it works perfectly on any surface from great distances. Don t think twice. Buy it  
Excellent service from Lexar. I own many Lexar memory cards and am very satisfied with their performance. However, I must add that LEXAR USA provides EXCELLENT service. I live in 
Great, inexpensive product. Along with the car charger adapter which comes with a roll-up cord , I also bought the plug-in wall adapter, and the AV cable to watch ipod 
Florida to S. Carolina. I just made a long trip from Miami, Florida, all the way to S. Carolina, with a Explorist XL loaded with DirectRoute V3, everything worked just 
easy to use, works with VOIP phone service. This is a great basic cordless phone. The last 20 incoming calls are saved. There s memory to save 10 numbers as 
Must have for every active ipod owner. The DLO Action Jacket is a must have for all Ipod owners that workout or are on the go. The armband is the 
Ideal Addition to any System. I picked up the Sony 8 SA-WM250 100-Watt Active Subwoofer recently, and it s quite nice especially the price at under 100.00 . But this 
Great Printer. This printer works great. Set up for either wireless or as a printer on a network. Just plug it into the network and it will get an IP 
As Advertised. Does exactly what it says. Simple to mount, great instructions, comes with all kinds of hardware for seemingly any kind of TV. A simple, well built, no nonsense 
Wrong cable, but decent performance. Two negative things to say: I was expecting a 22 USB cable with my order, as published on the package. But instead, it came with 
My first CD holder purchase. This seems to be a good case. The zipper is nice, the textures on the case are smooth and stylish, and the case has lots 
Great Product. I am such a clutz and drop things constantly. I ve dropped my laptop 3 times already but absolutely nothing has happened to it due to the protection 
great image tool. The system is excellent. I ve scanned in over 300 color slides and negativesand over 300 black and white negatives. The software is good quality and provides 
TV tuner function works great; As for the PVR, well... We bought this to add TV functionality to a 4-year-old Toshiba Laptop 1.1 GHz Pentium III, 512MB RAM, Windows XP 
These are great rechargeables. I love these batteries. It is so convenient to be able to have them precharged. They last a really long time  
CHEAP SOLUTION BUT COST VARIES WILDLY. I purchased a pack of these memorex sleeves or a memorex version very similar to these at Circuit City without first looking at the 
Perfect addition. I love my Digimemo and this leather case is a perfect fit to protect the notepad and keep my other information together  
Wow, 500GB!. : quiet self shut down when not used for a few minutes sturdy construction.-: bulkier than other USB hard disks no power switch maybe there is no need 
Great Price. This thing works great and you won t find a better deal on a LCD wall mount with an arm, swivel and tilt  
Nice compact unit with great sound. This is a very nice compact CD boombox, nicely designed with really good sound. Also, the AM FM radio functions very well. The entire 
Home purchase. Printer Copy Scanner Canon MF3240 is a simple machine to use. I bought it for home use, works perfectly with my laptop, I do not have to worry 
Nice little mouse pad to help you hit free shipping. I used this mouse pad to help me hit free shipping. Nothing special about it and is rather flimsy for 
Cobra CB Radio. This radio works very well and is very easy to install. I like it very much as you can move it from vehicle to vehicle in just 
Great Backpack. My son absolutely loves his backpack. Has many pockets and keeps his laptop safe. Good for organizing and protecting his posessions  
Very Nice! Top of the line. I really like my new LCD TV by Sharp. The HD quality is immaculate. It s light weight as well for a 32 TV. 
Worth the money for HDTV performance!. As the PS2 does not have HDMI outputs for High-Definition TV s, the Monster Cable GameLink 400 component cable is the next best thing 
Sabrent USB to 2-Port PS 2 Splitter Cable Converter - Mouse, Keyboard, Barcode Scanner. EXCELLENT ITEM!!  
Still works. I ve had this device for two years. Just today I sent it through the wash cycle of my laundry not on purpose . The thing still works!! 
Tiny but powerful. Purchased radio for someone in the hospital who likes late night AM radio and hates television. Normal AM radios did not have any reception in the ICU 
Awesome HDTV for the money. I did a TON of research before purchasing this HDTV, and I m not at all disappointed with my decision. It is an awesome TV 
Flash Memory Card. The card performs exactly the way that I expected it to, and I have had zero issues with speed downloading images from the care to my PC 
To Panasonic or to Pioneer, that was the question. Quite a stuggle trying to pick between these two.I chose the Pioneer based on reviews not only on Amazon s website 
Great color printer. I am enjoying this printer a great deal. The colors are nice and crisp. I have had no issues at all  
Love it!. I got this bag today and it already has proven more than useful. It s got so many handy pockets and places to hide things, like the side 
Wacom Tablet. I don t care what anyone says, this thing is great! It is fun to use in painter and adobe for working on photos, the pen works great 
Quality Product & Ease of Use. After losing a computer to a power surge, I purchased the APC BE500R Back-UPS for my new computer. I am runninig a 3.2Ghz Tower 
What a great little Router. I went from a D-Link 524 which kept dropping the connection like crazy and didn t work well with my VPN to this Buffalo Router. 
Good one, worth it. It is smaller than what we see, it is very good had no problems with it, not even after dropping it on the floor for couple 
S Video is good. I am mostly writing this to correct a comment made in the previous review. S-Video does not enable progressive scan output, only component video allows that. 
Best Disc Repair Device I ve Used. It has restored every disc I put into it. That includes DVDs, CDs and games. It takes exactly 1 minute to restore a 
Good for the price. I bought this fax machine for the office. We ve had it for about 2 weeks now and it runs well. I bought this to replace 
Worth Every Penny. I originally shopped by price, but found they all had lousy recommendations. So I then went to the highest rated maker, found this CD player and it 
Excellent MP3 player. I ve had mine for 3 weeks now primarily for using in the gym and I really like it. It is tiny, slick and classy. I have 
Very Durable. This drive is very durable, but the keyring loop is not. The loop that the keyring is attached to on the cap broke after two weeks of use. 
Wow! Great price, great product, excellent shipping!. I did alot of research before buying this system, and this system has it all. At the time I bought it, it was 
Samsung finally got it right. After 6 months of MURA problems ghosting and uneven backlighting and having to replace two sets, I finally got an LCD with deep, rich beautiful 
Great keyboard and mouse. I just started using this keyboard and I absolutely love it! My husband wants it for his computer so I ll have to order another one 
Five years old and still pumping out the music!!. You cannot find a better set of speakers for the money. I have had these for five years with no problems 
Went from Series2 to Series3 Very Happy. My previous TIVO born on date is May 2002 and never had a problem with it. To get free OVER THE AIR HD 
Yamaha over Bose. Great sound and looks.It looks as if it was made for Sharp 46 LCD.Bought to replace Bose non powered subwoofer and the difference is amazin  
Very good product. This is a very good product. Mounts are sturdy construction and work as advertised. Would definitely recommend this for the rated speakers.One note: you have to tighten 
Creative Zen Vision 30 GB Multimedia Player white . I just love my Multimedia Player. I can play songs, listen to books and store pictures to carry around with me. 
4GB Traveldrive. This flash drive is amazing, it is so much better than my PNY Attatche`. It has plenty of space and has a nice sleak erganomic design. Unlike my 
Good printer but very large. I have had this printer for 2 months since excellent delivery by Amazon. It makes great prints, but to my eye the prints are not 
Visor Deluxe Blue. The best at this price. Like the color and functions. Mine has latest longer than some comparable higher end models. Life saver when trying to keep a 
Sounds better than you d think. Bose quality. Good clean and solid sound, nice bass. I bought these to go along with an IMAC and they do a great job. 
Slick little player. Great sound, expandable, relatively cheap.I wish all players had card slots  
awesome. This case makes my macbook look super cool. I get tons of compliments every day  
Beautiful looks, rich sound, excellent tuning. As a carpenter I can tell you that the wood cabinet that this thing comes in is worth a hundred bucks alone--the Tivoli is, 
happy with purchase. I received the item in record time. it was very easy to assemble and they look very nic  
Great for Ipod and Satellite Radio. I actually bought this system directly from Klipsch s website. They had a special offer 150 for this model because there is a newer 
A great price for a great battery. My daughter uses a Cochlear Implant that has the option of being powered by 3 AA batteries. We have tried several brands trying 
Great for in the neighborhood and around the house. This is the second time I ve purchased this particular product. Unfortunately, last summer one fell in the pool and that 
Excellent choice. Bought this TV because it was highly recommended by Consumer Reports. So far its great. Picture is awesome, sound is good. For a bedroom TV I couldnt ask 
NexStar 3 Review. I needed an external enclosure to house my 160GB harddrive which stored my music and movies to use with my new laptop, so I decided on purchasing 
Way above average. I bought these for my elderly Father who doesn t hear very well. Lets just say, I m the favorite Son once again  
So far, so good. I ve read a lot of mixed reviews about this product, but as far as I m concerned, they re pretty good. I bought this headphones 
Works well and is intuitive enough. I got it today and was able to use it well right out of the box. It works exactly as I expected and is 
great card good price. After having great experience with the 1GB extreme III card, I ordered the 2GB just before I went on a short vacation. I love the speed 
It couldn t be easier!. I have been putting off the project of converting all of my old VHSC and DV tapes of my children growing up, into DVD s. 
RCA CRF910. It hooks up a new cheap DVD purchased for Xmax 2006 with a Direct TV set top box to an RCA TV bought in 1984, now in our 
Ink cartridge. This ink cartridge is ideal for canon jetwriters  
Excellent transaction and product. everything went well. shipment was timely, and product is great  
A Bargain at Twice the Price. I purchased the Toshiba HD-A2 HD DVD player from Amazon in December 2006. It has performed flawlessly and delivers great performance sound & picture 
Excellent Product!. My son was extremely happy when he received this gaming keyboard for Christmas. It was exactly what he wanted and has made his online gaming experience much easier! 
happy with the purchse for the price. Nice sound, I will admitt for the price, I get big sound, with quality. Only thing is a humming, hissing sound when machine 
Totally satisfied. I bought this mount for a fairly heavy @100lbs. Mitsubishi 46231 LCD screen - this mount could easily take twice the weight. The mount is well engineered with 
All disks in package worked. All the floppies in the package I bought worked, which is better than I can say for other brands. Not much more I can say 
Very Nice Clock Radio. For it s size this little clock radio has great sound. It is easy to set the two alarm times. The only thing that could improved 
Pretty great experience. I bought this to help combat my repetitive stress problems using regular mice of all sorts. I am not using it for the complex graphics design purposes 
Exactly what I wanted. This is a great product. It fits snugly on my laptop and protects it while it is in my larger bag. I love it  
My Book Pro 500 GB External HD. This is the best external hard drive that I have ever purchased. This hard drive is sturdy but portable even for me to 
Great Hard Drive. This is the perfect external hard drive!!! It is so small and light that I always carry it with me in my laptop bag. It also doesn 
really enjoying this product!. I have really enjoyed this radio! The cd sound quality is good and the radio reception is great! I haven t really used the weather or 
Good for the price. I bought this yesterday and it works as expected. Good sound, and quality play.But I keep hearing a constant humming sound when the player reads the 
Useful & Practical MP3 player. The Creative MuVo TX FM 1GB MP3 Player is a very useful item. It has triple functionality as a storage device, music and radio player 
hawking wireless USB G-Dish adapter. I live in an area that has a lot of free wifi links open to me but I was just out of range of them. 
great to deal with. The ink was just ehat I wanted,very helpful would order agai  
Works Great with the PSP!. I just got mine from Amazon after a lengthly delay . It is an awesome memory card. It comes with the adapter so that you 
Excellent Apple Screen. Replaced my old 22 Cinema Display that was 5 years old. What a difference. Clear screen, flawless finish, solid and adjustable stand. Easy hook-up, it took longer 
If I lost it.....I would buy another!!!. I have had this for 3 months and to me it is the best thing since sliced bread. With the purchased Roboform software, 
The BEST. PROS:I ve used various web cameras before. But this one is the BEST one i ve seen thus far. The pictures are sharp and a lot less grainy 
A must have product. If you - like me - have an Dell Axim, you must have this screen protector.Why? Just because it will protect your device s screen  
very nice package. I am not a karaoke guru, but this device works well. My 6 year old daughter loves to sing along with her favorite CD s, and the 
Haven t burned a coaster yet. I have used these DVD Rs for over two years now and they work absolutely great. I have burned movies, games, files, everything. Haven 
I love it so far. So far so good. Very fast printing with excellent text quality. The software is very easy to use. I just hope it lasts longer than 
Great Arm Band. I use this when working around the house, in the yard and at the gym. Stays in place very well and gives easy access to the control 
OK. This CF card is perfect for anybody who needs a high capacity e.g. for hi-res pics but doesn t care about the transfer speed. It may be a bit 
Highly Recommend!!. After much comparison this was the best Portable DVD player in the price range, even when compared to more well know brands as Panasonic, Toshiba, and Sony. It 
Last of the 939. Get one now, before they re gone. I installed a AMD Athlon 64 X2 4800 , 2 sticks of 512mb DDR400, nVidia 7200 PCI-e graphics card. 
Great Value. I bought this for my 11 year old daughter 3 months ago and she has been using it non-stop. No problems to-date with the CD player portion. The 
Are There Two Versions of This Router???. I have one of these routers and it s the best home router I think I have ever owned or setup. It s 
USB Parallel Printer Cable. Easy to install and worked as advertised. Great value for the money  
Great TV!!. I bought this TV and it is working great for me. However all over the internet, it is mentioned that the speakers could be mounted vertically instead of 
Panasonic car receiver. Great unit except the volume knob is too small. I have the unit in my work van and I modified the knob so I would not be 
Samsung LNS4696D 46 1080p LCD HDTV. Excellent unit for the price. Do not need to spend 700 more for Sony.To take a full advantage of resolution and contrast need to 
Excellent product now!!. I bought one of these units in March 2006 in response to my wife constantly changing room arrangements, and subsequently requiring that the TV work in an 
Good sound for little thing. The sound is good but there is no base. These speakers are even smaller than I thought. The wireless connection was very simple to use 
Good TV so far... Good delivery service by Amazon Eagle. Got deliverd within a week. The TV is working very good no problem so far. The picture quality is good 
Great Cabinet, but be warned... If you ve seen this piece at the local stores you ve probably heard that they come assembled. Well, the Amazon version requires assembly. While 
I m amazed. Wow, 50 batteries for 9 bux is a DEAL! And of course, it lasts as long as a name brand battery if your going to use it 
Exciting product. The possibilities are endless with a TI83 and this companion TI graph link cable. Transfering data is a breaze.This is definetly a valuable commondity if you are a 
Wunnerful, a-wunnerful!. VERY nice product! My first task, at the request of my sister-in-law, was to scan her parents wedding picture negative slide so that she could dress it up 
Great Product. I had two unworking disks One a PS2 game and the other a PSX game so I picked this up and both work fine now! The only thing 
Excellent Audio System. This system is just what I wanted. It is small, powerful and easy to us  
2G Nano doesn t need insert. I was told by the guy at the Apple store that I needed to use the insert for my 2G Nano. So, I used 
Excellent little drive. I have three of these now...they work great! I ve used them to transport data files and for MP3 files. I have the Lexar Sport MP3 player 
Perfect size. I just received this bag two days ago, 3 21 07, and I m happy with the quality and the size of it. It EASILY holds my Gateway 
Great Gift!. Got this for my Uncle, an older tech guy, and he didn t have anything really, even a good USB. He LOVES it, holds all his personal stuff 
Notebook case. I ordered this notebook case and I have been very happy with it. It is able to accommodate my large notebook as well as all the other stuff 
Excellent TV for the Price. I had researched for a long time before I finally made my purchase. The final reasons for this purchase was the Consumer Reports Best Buy 
Eaton has a winner with the E1. I have had my E1 for almost two weeks now and have found it to be a remarkable radio, worth waiting for since 
Good value memory you can get for a low price. This one was purchased for my pocket pc, have been storing files, pictures and more important, my recordings. Clearly it 
Works well with ASUS P5P800-VM and INTEL Pentium D930 CPU. Pros: They work. Feel sturdy, as compared to manufacturers that use a cheaper PCB. Good price for 1gig or memory.Cons: 
Extends Antenna away from back of computer. After buying the stand and attaching my hi-gain antenna I improved my signal strength and was finally able to reach the true input 
Just what i expected. It s was exactly what I ordered: tape that stores DV movies. No more, no less. Sony never disappoints.Note: I ordered this product sold by Amazon, 
Great for my digital camera. These batteries have been awesome. My digital camera uses 4 of them at a time and they last for 100 s of photographs. Flash recharge 
Excellent picture quality. I was very pleased with the improvement of picture quality colour and clarity over the standard playstation cable. Anyone with an S-Video input should consider making this 
Best invention since... If you have a digital camera, phone, any device that uses SD cards, you just have to get this. I never ever have to worry about finding 
thank you for fixing my cd player!!!. this product is awesome. like another reviewer , i had a problem with my cd player playing my homemade mix cds. but i 
Simpy Awesome!!!. Can t say enough about this GPS watch! It has helped me so much in my quest to do my first marathon. There is no guessing on my 
nice little mp3. no complaints from this reviewer ;this is the 3rd Creative product which I ve purchased;the other 2 are still working good and I got this one because 
Works fine but only for DVI-D. The converter is esssential for anyone who needs to use a second monitor for their imac. In my case, the imac is driving a 
DVD Xpress DX2. This product worked perfectly transferring to the computer and then using the included software to put several home movies on one DVD. It also worked perfectly to 
Car stereo. So far the item has worked excellent. It looks very nice and was inastallation friendly. I hope you keeep this item, as I restore a lot of cars 
Works great!. This product has worked great with my 2Wire Gateway modem from AT&T Yahoo.The real plus has been the USB connection so its not necessary to take off the 
very good deal. I was very impressed with the sound I got with these very inexpensive speakers...Now my home theater system is complete and under budget yeah  
GREAT QUALITY AND GREAT RESULTS. I received this product from an Amazon.com seller for 1 2 the price of what Best Buy was selling it for. It was new and 
The Best!. You can count on every Monster Cable made. It s worth the extra money over the cheap ones. The gauge of the wire is thicker and the ends 
super. this item works great lots of memory arived quickly and the price was rit  
A Great Device, but not for Newbies. I was able to get this product working on my WEP wireless network using a static IP with minimal difficulty by following the 
Hardware Great - Software Eh. The mic is a high quality isolation mic, so you can record in a room with a closed door and not get any background sound. 
A really good keyboard to start with. I just bought this keyboard yesterday. I played around with for about 3 hours last night. So far it s everything I wanted 
My first MP3 player, but is easy to use and does its job very well. This is an outstanding product. It is my way of using my music anywhere I 
Exellent router!. Don t trust 1 star reviews. Search more on Google. I own this router for a few months. No problems at all. 0 dropped connections  
A very worthwhile purchase. I purchased these headphones at the same time as my new XM player. I m in a tree-covered area and didn t expect great signal from 
Sony STR-DE598 6.1. The receiver is a great bargain and sound quality is amazing! Very easy to setup  
Very pleased. It took me a while to find a stereo receiver at an optimal quality to price ratio !I am no Audio expert; I just like to listen to 
Does the job. It s a simple device, so there s not to say about it other than it does the job. You should note that the LEDs on the 
Good card to get if you require more speed. This line of cards is a good midway point to the very expensive Sony High-Speed line trust me, if you found 
A good TV ... but here s a wish list. I ve owned this TV for about six months and haven t had a moment s trouble. I m receiving 
good all purpose radio alarm system. I ve had my iHome or about a year now. I got it at the same time I got my iPod and I ve 
Good solid product under Windows XP and Vista. Been using this drive for about a month or so now, and have no complaints. Drive received was exactly what I expected 
the best its best. zalman headphones 5.1 system its great for movie and musicithink its 500 watits very highbut you fell nosi in high volumebut its bestfast and buy it 
Amazing!. These earphones are incredible! They are comprised of excellent bass and treble. You experience everything much nicely. These earphones compared to the iPod headphones are excellent unlike those raggety 
Worked for Motorola KRZR K1m. Bought for my KRZR phone pretty much plug and play, allows me to buy any off the shelf headset with the std. 3.5mm plug. The 
great mp3 player !!!!!!!!!!! good value or money. I bought this mp3 player as it was a great value for money and after comparing it to the ipod shuffle I 
space saver.. bose 321 is a nice stuff and good for the room. the sound is clear and crisp. a lot better than a usual mini component. no need to 
Don t Leave Home Without It. This little device is absolutely wonderful in that you will never run out of memory for your Sony camera. This machine burns the pictures 
Love the included SD adapter!!. I knew it was smaller than a standard SD card, but I was shocked to see how tiny it actually was when I first opened 
Awesome HD Monitor. I could not be happier with the quality and price of this unit. Great for Media Center PCs I m usuing it right now to write this 
Great little box, but a few nits. This is a great little router and is awesome for the price, but seems to have an issue where some NICs that initially 
super juke box. press the random play and you have over 3000 songs playing one after the other. the other key factor is an easy one disc load which separates 
Money well spent. We spent about 6 months trying to decide if we would use a portable player enough to justify the purchase, and if so, which one to buy. 
Reliable!. Haven t used any of these yet, but I won t trust any other brand of DVD Rs than Verbatim  
Great product. Whistler DE-1793 Radar Laser Detector with Digital Compass and Memo Voice Recorder reflects geat value for the price  
F5D7130 works fine with Linksys WRT54G. Just got the Belkin F5D7130 and was about to send it to trash cause seemed to work only with Belkin routers...but then I found 
Bought 2!. My friend and I both got HP Compact Photo Printers for Christmas. I was thinking about sewing carrying bags for them after watching her bring hers to work 
Throw away your straight rasor. Replacing the head and cutters on your trusty Norelco gives you back that keen shave you used to get from it, years ago. This is 
No problem. I bought it for my Canon S3 IS. First I tried it without formatting and fill it up with photos and video and no problems. Then I did 
Excellence in computing. The TI-89 calculator is the best I ve used so far, once you know how to use it, it comes to hand to quickly solve a lot 
 Required reading to include the sub, here s why:. First of all, I see there s a bit of controversy out here about hiss, and whether the sub is 
Great product - no problems!!!. I am most pleased with this switch - it works as advertised. Am using it to switch between a Dell XPS 500T P3 and a 
Sweet RAM. This fit into my Dell Dimension 4550 workstation. Booted right up. No problems  
Mommy s little helper. I planned to buy a portable dvd player with a larger screen but since this is for only car and airplane trips I decided it didn 
Likely the Best travel case on the market. Although this case is a bit more pricey than your standard discount store types, it is well worth the extra . My 
Noise Reduction That Works. The Shure Triple Flange Sleves, when used with the E3c ear phone and an mp3 player work exactly as advertised. I use them on a motorcycle 
Great Product Great Price. I got this drive in the fall of 2006 and have successfully had a daily back up of my internal harddrive and my external media drive. 
Perfect peripheral. I bought this particular case 2 years ago when I got my Dell Inspiron. Haven t used it real hard but use it often. Has everything one needs 
Excellent. These headphones work great for walkman or anything. I think loafer got a bad pair because these do not slip and are very sturdy. The sound is very clear 
Great Product for the Money. I love this little gadget. I listen to a lot of internet radio streams and got tired of hearing the same commercials over and over, 
Best sound quality of any portable player recorder. To All who are interested in the MZ-RH1,I recently had this item purchased from Japan in silver. The black model is the 
Great Printer. I just received my printer tonight and could not wait to try it out. I have had a Sony digital camera for over two years, and have only 
Great. Great quality case- it is exactly what it says it is. It s great to protect your iPod. However, it cannot be used if you want to put your 
Excellent TV for the money. This is my second Samsung TV the first one I bought in 1992 and is still in use . The picture quality is excellent, the 
Don t miss out!!!. This gps is being discontinued. Don t let that stop you from buying this lean mean direction telling machine. Garmin is coming out with another gps 
Very comfortable - especially for people with glasses. I find these headphones to be the most comfortable pair I ve owned yet. My old sony ones put my head in 
Excellent quality, but no battery indicator. Nice quality, I am using it for a digital camcorder. However, the switch can be easily be accidentally turned on, and there is no 
Expensive, but a great headset... I use the headset with a Cisco 7960 - works great. I strongly recommend this product - excellent range and battery life.Too bad it s 
good item. i love the mobilemate sd. I haven t had any problems yet. It s small compact and gets the job done  
Can t say enough good things. This card, using VIA s superb Envy24 HT chipset, is a huge improvement over my Realtek and VIA Envy24HT-S based cards. Everything sounds better.My 
Never fly or go to a concert without em. Agree with all the reviews above -- they fit in comfortably; they don t stick out of your ear; they re 
Dock your Pod and Rock your Crib!. Just place the iPod Dock in a convenient spot, plug in the iPod Power Adapter and connect it to the dock with the 
works flawlessly as a bridge. I bought two -- the second one after realizing that one will not work as a bridge. It plugs into the Linksys Cable Gateway in 
Great Sound. First off--I m old ish in my 50 s and I watched my daughter using her iPod nano. Then she started playing me songs from her iPod, then 
Nice stand. I have a pretty heavy synth keyboard and this stand does the job well. Does not shake or rock. Pretty sturdy. I agree the directions arent that good 
best keyboard & super fast and cheap shipping. This merchant was super fast shipping. The product was perfect for my 7-year-old niece...the keyboard fits on a desk top or can 
Wow, nice pad. I love this pad, durable, extremely accurate, and the wrist wrest is the most comfortable one i have ever had. size is just right, extremely comfortable, and 
EASY TO USE AND KNOW WHEN CHARGE IS COMPLETE. THIS CHARGER IS EASY TO USE AND YOU KNOW WHEN THE CHARGE IS FULL AND COMPLETE. IT ALSO CHARGES THREE AAA 
An irreplaceable Companion. The Casio DBC310-1 Databank Men s watch is better than ever and easier to use than the newer version. It is unsurpassed for ease of information retrieval 
Easy and Strong. I m using this mount with a 70lb. 47 inch LCD. I wouldn t hesitate to mount a TV that weighs the rated 150lbs with this mount.Installing 
Great Little TV DVD Player!. We love it! This is great for camping or just taking from room to room as needed  
super value. Needing to replace my really ancient Visioneer scanner for importing 35mm slides and negatives into CS2 at a higher quality, I settled on the buying either the Canon 
Very Pleased. The Bose Companion 2 Series II multimedia speakerss sound very good. I was pleased, very pleased to say the least. The deep bass response was very evident and 
good and bad. i purchase these mainly for gaming and music, ive use them at least 8 hours a day since i received them.first set came with defective lights and 
Second purchase of this rolling computer case. This is the second Wenger Swiss Patriot rolling case that I have purchased from Amazon. It is truly an excellent product. After I 
Great sound. Purchased the surround bar about 3 weeks ago. Very nice sounds.. I m happy with it - with one reservation.The advertising leads one to believe that the surround 
Wacom 9X12. Overall this product is worth the price.OverviewTo begin the footprint of this particular tablet is 17 5 16 X 13 1 4so you have to have enough desk 
Best bang for the buck!!!!!!. I received my Pharos last night and took it out for a test run around town. This is thing is amazing!!!Although map might need a 
Always on the go? Great little device!. LOVE this product!! Goes with me everywhere. Hiking, biking, beach, camping, etc. Perfect for someone who doesnt ALWAYS want to listen to there 
Perfect TV for bedroom. My wife and I have been waiting a long time for this TV. It is the first 19 inch LCD TV that we have seen with 
SanDisk Extreme III fast as claimed. I purchased my SanDisk Extreme III Compact Flash Card to complement my new digital SLR. My new dog is crazy about water and I 
Great printer!. Excellent portable printer. Printing an invoice through my bluetooth HP hx2490 in a costumer place reduce an huge administrative work  
Lots of Music choices. This Cartridge has many songs from the 60 s and the 70 s, but it would be nice to just have a cartridge of one decade 
A fine replacement drive. I was having a new computer built and needed to replace a six-year-old Plextor drive not because anything was wrong with it -- it was just 
About every 20 years.... Bought this Samsung LNS4092D HDTV last week on Amazon and Love It! Bought my last tv 19 years ago...was overdue for this one...Best Price online...No Tax..Free 
Best monitor stand around. This is a wonderful product, I put this on a 21.3 samsung monitor and it is perfect, I love the fact that it sits so low 
Great little power strip. This is a great little power strip that allows me to maximize the contents of my briefcase. One of the most useful things I have ever 
Fantastic Product. I am using this product with 2003 Server and XP Media Center. Both function flawlessly. I saw a review previously as to Media Keyboards not working with it, 
So far, so good. Just got this yesterday to go with my Panasonic blah blah 50 60U plasma tv. So far works great, no problems except the remote. When I 
Is It Worth Buying. I have been using 3 - 128mb, 1 -256mb, and 1 -8mb card with my 2.1 megapixel camera. That got me about 648 photos which has 
The reviews don t lie. Before purchasing this item, I read all the reviews I could find and decided although it was a little more expensive than the slightly older 
Excellent compared to other earbuds in same price range. The earphones are very good and are quite an improvement over the stock earphones that come with the Zune. There are 
These are well worth the . Just got these, and I must say I LOVE THEM. I ve had trouble with past IEMs--it can be frustrating to get a proper 
It does the job most of the time. The ink works well for the most part but sometimes it comes out a little fade  
Good Remotes. Purchased this unit for my daughter. She loves it. Have 3 from this company. All work great  
Simple to Install, no problems whatsoever. This keyboard worked right out of the box and I have had absolutly no problems with it, which is a big deal for my 
Excellent case to protect your video ipod. I m very satisfied with this case. But first the bad: 1 It scratches easily. I handle my incased ipod with kid gloves 
Easy. This is a great little GPS. It s very easy to figure out and works great. We have had no issues with it so far. The mount is nice 
Makes me feel like a pro. Any product that can enable a technologically challenged person like me to do work worthy of a techno geek has to be a great 
He loves it. bought this as a gift for my partner for Christmas. I was in New York when it arrived and he opened it and is wild about it. 
My Grandson LOVES this piano!. My grandson is 26 months old and is already singing and loves to listen to music. I bought him this to play with in hopes 
Great Cabinet, but be warned... If you ve seen this piece at the local stores you ve probably heard that they come assembled. Well, the Amazon version requires assembly. While 
Fab Headphones. I bought a pair of Sennheiser 202 headphones. They were so tight and uncomfortable that I didn t even listen to hear how they sounded--just put them back 
Good. I bought for our computer cd-rom because it wasn t working properly and once i put in my cd cleaner it started working very good so now everytime the 
good gift. I brought this for my husband and he loves this better then the car. you do have to shave the yellow piece on the adapator off.  
lasted me 9 years!. I bought these with a walkman haha! back in 1997 and they ve lasted 9 years through miscellaneous moves, losing and finding them, all sorts of 
Why pay a ton of money for a Monster cable?. I wanted to connect my XBox to my surround sound system, so i did a search for XBox optical and 
CD DVD Cleaner. This product works great but the battery compartment won t stay on mine and since it is spring loaded, I can t even get some tape to 
I CAN T BELIEVE HOW CHEAP THIS TV IS!!!. Just took mine out of the box no less than 3 hours ago...and knew i had to leave a review asap. 
The Jam Studio is underrated. I m a computer artist and use the jam studio a bunch. Yes there are driver issues. If you tinker with it some you re 
SONY ICF-SW7600GR. I purchased the radio just before leaving the USA to explore Honduras for several months. My observations regarding the radio s performance are from this journey.SENSITIVITY:Rural reception; very 
Cyber Acoustics AC-201 Stereo Headset microphone. This product is an excellent value. The sound quality is very good and the headset is very comfortable  
Stable. I installed this board about 3 weeks ago. I was running XP on it until I got my Vista this week. I haven t had any problems with it. 
Great reception for reflection are. I only live 10 miles from NY city but do not have a direct line of site in the 87 - 93 degree direction I 
Having trashed everything from a temperature gauge to a documentary here. it s a pleasure to recommend something without reservation. This study little thing does what it was designed to. 
Love It and highly reccommend it to others. We recently had a power outage here in Syracuse, Ny. I was looking forward to watching my favorite show as the power 
Stylish bag for Dell 700m. I m pretty picky, but this bag lived up to the various good reviews I read on Amazon. As others have said, you cannot fit 
Read the Instructions CAREFULLY. The lightscribe discs work fine. You have to turn them over in the cd dvd burner in order to burn the correct side. If you burn 
Great Buy. The sandisk was a great buy. It was really easy to use with my cell phone and I can fit a bunch of songs. Very Straight forward! And 
Nicon Cool Scan Review. I find the use of the scanner to be good, but in some cases a bit long in time. The software loaded with no issue and 
great headphones. Great sound. love the volume control on the wire. great fit to almost any head size or shape. Overall a great purchase and I love their product  
A must for the best home theater sound!. Accept no other! Monster cable has the best cables money can buy! Price might be more than other cables, but worth every 
Ok media. No problem burning with NEC drive so far.Cannot play-back properly on old DVD players.  
Lexmark P450 printer is GREAT!. We purchased this printer for my 16 year old daughter for Christmas & she absolutely loves it. It is so user friendly & it prints 
Monster Solution. I am the envy of my road warrior coworkers. This power strip is great due to the little room it takes in the carry on and the luxury 
dymo Writer. The unit is easy to set up and works right out of the box with no problems of any kind. The only thing is if you have it 
Fastest Card Reader I ve Ever Seen!. This card reader is blazingly fast. I download LOTS of pictures from my digital SLR camera. Using the Kingston has saved me a 
Good inexpensive HD tv. I am very impressed with this purchase. Well worth the money and has a built in HD tuner  
Nice Product. This product is very easy to use, but the thing I don t like is that it can be somewhat messy when you are taking out the old 
APC BE500R Back UPS and Surge Protector. This is a great product. I bought it after losing my old computer to intermittent power one more time than I was able 
A great way to connect your I-pod to your stereo. I recently purchased the dock for my I-pod mini. I had read a lot of the critiques, and for me 
Couldn t believe how easy it was to install. Looked at many mounts. I have a 50 Panasonic plasma for the den and a 42 Panasonic for the bedroom. I 
AWESOME machine!!!. My husband bought this machine for me for my birthday since I have always wanted one. Not to mention, the kids might enjoy it, as well. We all 
Kodak SD Card. No problems with this order again Amazon made it easy to order..  
I love this mouse. I have tried many mice so far, and my favorite is this one. the grip, the shape, the functions, the speed...just perfect. i was already using 
Good deal. Car charger works just fine. Good price.Haven t tried the AC adaptor yet  
Very Satisfied. This is the best sounding microphone for the price. I think I paid around 60 for it. I am a professional drummer, and use it a lot for 
Works Great. Works Great. Battery last longer than expected. - Only con is records in Mono.  
Seems to work well. The transfer rate is pretty high, and it is much faster than the Sandisk Ultra II 1GB SD card that I previously reviewed when a large 
A Plesant Surprise. I almost didn t buy this product due to other reviews however decided to purchase them since I maintain a tight budget. Upon receiving the batteries, I 
NANO rocks. Great battery life, easy to use, all around good. The only minus is the dependency on ITunes  
Quick delivery and very good customer service. The people that work at Vanmobile are very helpful and they do not try to rip off their customers  
It s a Printer Cartridge, OEM. Amazon sells this cheaper then other places, and has offered free shipping. I payed 5 more a cartridge then EBay inc. shipping because I 
Great features Bluetooth dificult setup w Dell Latitude Notebook. Great features with the Microsoft mouse. Wanted at least a 4 button mouse so internet travel is much easier. Comes with 
Samsung Extended Warranty. I called Samsung s ext warranty dept and for a DLP up 1500 it is 1 yr for 118 and 3 yr 292. The warranty does, however, 
Great after updating from website. First off, I have to say I had many problems loading detailed maps using the mapsource software that came with the CD. I downloaded Mapinstall 
Works great with Front Row. I bought this remote to run Front Row on an older G4 iMac. It works perfectly, and I have had no problems. The remote itself 
1-Year Replacement Plan for Electronics Products. Replacement plan here a month before product finally receive  
A Strong and Very Solid Performer. I like the Shure E3G. I don t think of them as the ultimate in-ear-monitor experience, but they ve given me much more than 
Love Set For Home Printing. Used this Canon paper set for my Selpey printer, and absolutely love it.Convenient- the cartrige comes equipped exactly for the 36 sheets used. After using 
Awesome Antenna. I bought the antenna at Circuit City, just to give it a shot.The antenna was so good that I cancelled my basic cable service and returned the HDTV 
Canon BCI-3eBK Cartridge. This is my first time owning a computer that I was responsible for everything about it. I find that this cartridge is easy to install, but the 
Review for MP3. I bought this MP3 player for my oldest son who is 12 yrs old. It was perfect for him. Not to mention how easy it was to 
Great Pictures. I printed my pictures directly from my SD card and they turned out beautifully! High gloss photo paper and a good photographer make for gorgeous pictures when you 
This product is a 10----PERFECT IN ALL ASPECTS!!!!!!. I m, I guess, what u may refer to as a pessimist. My glass is always half empty & I m not 
Misinformed idiots. People who dont know hat theyre talking about bug me. The E reader is great, but im here to clear up some mis-conceptions.1. THE E READER WORKS W 
Very surprised. On the average this product is definitely above average. It was easy to assemble, it allows me to see just how much ink I m using, gives me 
GREAT~!!!. I can t describe this MP3 with words great It s more than great.It fits my pocket, and it s music quality is great.My sister and I bought this 
Excellent cables at an excellent price. These component cables operate as well as the Monster cables I spent much more on. They don t look quite as cool but they 
Ira. Good product,Very much State of the Art Good pricing for this.A little bit hard to understand the instructions to get programed and the range is somewhat limited.Overall I am 
Very Good Item. El producto es muy bueno, cumple con todas las caracteristicas propias requeridas para funcionar en un telefono mobil.  
Belkin TuneDok for iPod. This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  
Great for HDTV under XP. I bought this video card to use with XP only , an HDTV PCI card Air2PC and a Dell Dimension 4500. It solved all the 
They look and work great !. This CD DVD holder is sturdy and stylish. I needed something to look nice, but hold my stuff, and those wallet-type options weren t 
HARD TO FIND -- C6614AN HP No. 20 . This new-ish ink concept from HP makes GREAT copies and is EASY to install. I should have looked at Amazon.com first 
Decent mouse for the money. This mouse plays great for my games like CS Source and 1942. It is real nice to be able to change the mouse speed in 
This is NOT for the GEKO series!!!!. Don t be fooled by the fact that this item is offered as an accessory to your Geko series GPS ... you would 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
iTunes Comes Alive!. Our new Apple TV only took a few minutes to set up. It connected wirelessly to our MacBook Pro, iMac, and PC very easily. At first glance, 
Buyer Beware. I like the 4gb chip as it lets my camera keep taking pictures without stopping to transfer to my computer to free up room. I would have given 
It s better than just a tape deck, by far. It works very well. It s nice to be able to listen to CD s in my car without getting 
Gets the job done. It holds the Meridian Color and a much needed spare set of batteries  
Great item for the price. How can you beat the price??? I bought this at Amazon.com from an Awesome Deal I found on DailyTool.com  
Just About Perfect. I really have no complaints. It s simple, clean, looks nice. People complain about nothing to cover the screen but I just took the advice from the 
Finally. Finally after how many years Mac user finally have a mouse that you can right click with, without having to use the darn keyboard too!This mouse is awesome - 
Thanks for sending a fixed pair free of shipping charge. Excellent headphones, shipped really quickly and when I opened the package and one wasn t working, sent it back free 
mailing. well what can i say about this product, does what is supose to do, very good for mailing movies or music to friends  
Add functionality to your ipod nano. This accessory allows me to listen to fm radio on my ipod nano. For some reason, listening to the local NPR station KQED makes 
very small : . The one I got in the mail was black very happy about it.. blue didn t exactly go with my laptop setup . It is very 
Over priced. I just found and bought this player at Brand Smart for 98.00 not a referb . This is a good product but now a great product at this 
Best sounding system you can get for 100. I am an audio freak and used many different types of speakers in all different environments. Really, I cannot think of anything 
don t lose it. I bought the 1GB drive when it came out last year. It is soooo tiny. Take my advice and absolutely tie the small wristband lanyard to 
Terrific Unit. Had done some research on home theater systems. Just finished my basement and got a big screen tv. Did not want to spend a lot of money, but 
Good value for the price. After you read the first review read my comment on that review it will give you some insight to these radios. If you use Hi 
Good, but depends on what airline type of plane you fly I guess... The product works great, and I really love it. I just happened to get in unfortunate situations. 
I didn t need quality - just small size. and I got it. Sometimes I don t want to put the headphones on when my little daughter is with me. 
Carry bag. This carry case is great. It would be even greater if it had a carry strap  
Less is more. Although this keyboard is small, and pretty compact, it has a great price and is ideal for a person who loves uncomplicated music without a million and 
Excellent scanner. I bought this for my office, as I am perpetually behind on keeping contacts current on my computer. This scanner makes it very easy. The process is quick 
so very pleased. I just got this DVD player for my daughter for a transcontinental flight. It worked like a charm. It s nice and light. The battery power lasted 
Western Digital passport. This is a great hard drive. It is very small and easy to use.  
great little monitors. These are affordable, great-sounding monitors, ideal for a beginning home studio on a budget. The first pair I bought had disturbing problems: one channel not functioning, and 
So far, so good!. I purchased this microphone for my 6 year old daughter to replace a microphone to her karaoke machine that the dog chewed up. This mic was 
Best JumpDrive on the market. As the specs for the JumpDrive indicate, it is indeed the best Drive on the market. Very fast and reliable and my goodness secure! There 
Excellent All Around. My audio system is a Wife s Nightmare: 45 SE tube amp about 1.5W , a DC Darling SE tube amp about 0.75W , A 1626 p-p 
Good enough for the money. It does everything I expected to do. Easy manual and set up. Great sound. I am keeping it  
Si usted entiende como trabaja, es grandioso el CD-IB100II. El interfase para iPod funciona muy bien el sonido es excelente no hay perdida de nitidez en el audio y la 
Never leave home without it.... A surge suppressor should be in every laptop travel bag, and this compact unit travels well, taking up very little space. However, for those traveling 
Great price on a great HDTV. We decided on HDTV. Problem: I was replacing a 27 Sony Trinitron. I wanted at least as much screen on standard TV as I 
A Great addition. I thought when I up graded to the plasma things couldn t get any better I was wrong the wireless is the cherry on top I love 
Excellent System for Price. If you want a budget home theater system for under 200 there is probably not many systems better then the Sony HT-DDW700. This system is ideal 
Epson S041466 Borderless Premium Glossy Photo Paper. Produces excellent glossy photos on my Epson R1800.  
Without peer for the price. Exceptionally quiet and accurate. The best imaging of any sound card in my experience. I m talking about a clearly audible difference here.If you re 
reliable switch at a good price. I have purchased many switches and have found the Netgear ones such as this 8 port to be very dependable. As with all lan 
Incredible sound from a small space, highly recommended!. I highly recommend the Bose Wave Radio II after having one for a month, here are the pros and cons:PROS: Excellent sound 
Great Bass...decent price...good compromise. Just got my Super Fi 5 Pro s and I like them. I have owned Shure s E3C and Etymotic Er4-P. My girlfriend needed new phones, 
The ultimate iPod accessory!. With this accessory you can charge or sync your iPod using a regular USB cable -- robbed from a printer if need be! You do not 
Works fine with Mac OS X. I d like to address the previous rant review. It took 10 minutes for me to configure this router with my Powerbook G4 running 
Serves its Purpose. Splits my dvi into 2 outputs. 1 to monitor and 1 to LCD TV. However, with one unplugged there s static noise on the other screen. It 
Direct Route N America. I didn t need this software since i only needed a road map with new hairline roads which I got from the 3D Topo software. However, 
Worked great until it died. I was feeding my comcast digital box and 3 PC tuner cards. It worked great for 3 weeks and then wouldn t power up any 
Used abt 60 till now - no failures. Verbatim is great. not a single coaster till now in abt 60 discs. I use Nero to perfectly complement the burning process. 
Dazzle is perfect. The Dazzle 6-in-one is perfect. I have used it to transfer photos files from my husband s camera Sony Memory Stick , from my camera ComapctFlash , 
lead singer karaoke LS-3700. I BOUGHT THIS SYSTEM BEFORE I WENT AWAY WITH MY BEST FRIENDS ON VACATION. BETWEEN THE TWO FAMILIES, THERE ARE FIVE CHILDREN. WHEN WE FIRST PLUGGED 
Good deal. It was really cheap, the cheapes around. Also it works fine, no complaints. But it looks a little weird, the packaging and the sticker on the card. Maybe 
Flash memory. Works great, but bulky, so it blocks an adjacent USB port if located right next to it. Good value overall..  
Most Reviews Here Are Not for This Card. This card is the 2 GB Ultimate 120X It has a tested write speed 120 times 150kb sec which exceeds 18 mb 
Great product. Kingston memories are really good!! I m using mine on a Nokia 6131 phone and it works!! Listening to music, transfering files, everything is fast!  
Verbatim CD s for Lightscribe. This item works fairly well-seems like the print doesn t show up as good as it should but it could be I haven t perfected 
Soooo Handy!. This is an awesome product, saved my neck. It is very easy to use and worth every dime. A bit of advice...Get the handset lifter attachment, very cool! 
Mine works just fine. I have a 4300 square foot home. I have purchased Novi wireless intercoms in the past and need to add to them. One has been in 
Its all about where they re made... Since they are making these batteries in sweat shops with little elves in a third world country, they can pass the savings along 
Durable, functional cover. I replaced an unsatisfactory cover with this one, and I have been fully impressed. This skin holds tightly to the Nano, doesn t slide around, and feels 
Works like a charm. Worked well for me, however it is much larger than the cheaper diplexers. I used two of them to split the Sat-in and out-to-TV on my 
Just as Promised. If you already own a Sonos player you are well aware how excellent the product is. This Charging cradle is just as promised, nothing more, nothing less. 
Fast Drive. It is quick and easy, easy to carry. No problem to handle a cap for the drive sepeartely  
movietime. Excellent sound system, reminds you of being in a movie theatre. Great, Great system  
great MP3 for the price. You can drag downloaded music files into WMP and sync . Can also search for music files. Right click on music file and pick add 
Time-saver. I haven t used this type of product before, so have nothing to compare it against. I am very happy with the time saved in scanning cards, and impressed 
Impressive receiver, so-so remote. The receiver handles all kinds of music with clarity and power. I live about 50 miles from most FM stations I listen to, and the receiver 
Brother MFC-8440. For it s price, just over 240 bucks. I am VERY pleased with this multi-function printer. The first one fell off the desk when the desk collasped. After 
Quiet and fast and cool. Does what it says it would. Auto start stop with the computer. Quiet and fast faster than my LaCie 300GB . It doesn t feel 
Works great with my Apple laptop. This memory card works great with my 15 PowerMac laptop. I ve had a noticeable increase in speed with no hitches.  
Love It or Hate It. You can love it or hate it based on what all you put on it. If you have a hodgepodge of medium-sized or small things, 
Monster Cable PLG300 S-Video Cable for PlayStation 2. Worked Great! Thanks for the great service  
Great value. These are great earbuds. I have alswys used Sony DJ headphones in the past, and these are the first pair of buds I have purchased - I am 
Really well designed and built, but they need large clips. I ordered these first for a Niles 4-speaker selector box, but the clips were too close together for them to 
Great Customer Service!!. I give only 4 star because the CF card quit after a year of hard service. But if it worked flawlessly I would not have known how 
My new replacement. I bought this phone soley because it had the two main features that I wanted, Caller ID and a speaker in the base. I didn t realize 
Wow. All the write-ups suggested this Zumo 550 was going to be impressive. They weren t wrong. The BIG positives, from my perspective:1. Satellite acquisition must be seen to be 
Looks great, works great, as advertised. This is my first graphics tablet and I trawled the web reading reviews to figure out which one was right for me. I wanted 
A Great Portable Radio. I bought a Grundig G1000A Portable short wave radio to replace one that I had used continuously for nearly 3 years I take it everywhere I 
Satellite 900 finally arrives after a 10 year wait... Many Radio Fans are familiar with the Legendary Grundig Satellit Line of Shortwave Radios, dating to the early Sixties...The E1 WAS 
Great bag. Stylish, durable, and convenient. One thing I don t like is the cell phone holder is inside. I hope it is on the surface so it can be 
Does the job. It s a simple device, so there s not to say about it other than it does the job. You should note that the LEDs on the 
Great laser pointer. This is a great laser pointer and the brighter wavelength of the green laser makes a huge difference. But to see the beam not just the dot 
Great product at a very low price. Thanks for the previous reviews. I agree with the previous reviews. This unit is a steal. I have DirecTV and the tuner would 
tiny stick. It is small enough to keep in a wallet so that you can carry it at all times  
Good performance for the price. For an economy router this thing is pretty good. I ve been using it for about a month and it s performed reliably over that 
Easy Upgrade. This was an easy upgrade to my computer, giving me all the ram I should ever need. Once we figured out how to get the cover off the 
Works Great. Easy to attach, great performance! I use it with a FireWire 800 card in a MediaCenter PC and I stream videos from it, haven t seen any problems 
Works great!!. I bought this becuase downloading pictures from my Digital Rebel XT Camera took forever and a day to complete. Using this drive only took about a minute to 
Great player at a reasonable price. A very good player at a very reasonable price.  
Great value and highly versatile speaker. I purchased a pair of these speakers for the surrounds in a 5.1 channel living room system. I mounted the speakers slightly above ear 
Incredible performance, insane price. I am a home theatre snob with over 10k in gear and cabling for my single viewing listening room. That said, I use a 149 Oppo 
It works. This product works well. You can change the base part in order to fit a variety of holders. Theres room to plug in an fm transmitter on the 
Excellent WiFi extender equipment. I purchased 2 of these units for a client in an old church. We needed to provide Internet and LAN access to the assistant rector s 
Great headset for a great price!. This headset has been working great! It is small, lightweight, has great sound and excellent voice pick-up with little ambient noise. Easily adjusts for 
Save the Space. If you have a lot of DVDs or CDs these wallets are the way to go. I have over 800 CDs and they were eating up my 
PC Memory. Product arrived in good condition. Installed without any problems. Now my PC is working much faster  
Good case over all but....... Very nice bag, looks great. The HP logo along with the selection of colors work well with each other. The nylon material is very neat, 
Awesome.....sound!. I have a Sherwood receiver and it came with regular wires to connect all the satellite speakers and sub-woofer. But I have always felt that there is something missing 
Toshiba TV DVD combo is rock solid. I have had this model for about four months. This set works well, the picture is crisp and clear, and the DVD functions 
My wife likes it. I purchased this item from Amazon after my previous one same exact model came down with a case of the cronic skips. Bought the original one 
These Speaker Mounts are Great !. At first wasn t sure if I should go with the store bought variety, but man were they expensive. I could tell right away 
Linksys USB 4-port Hub. works just excellent. only thing is that a longer cord between the hub itself, and the connection into the computer, would be nice  
Antenna. The previous review that mentions antennas are key to a good CB setup is correct. For a normal CB user I would recommend either the Wilson lil Wil or 
Good product at cheaper price. I like this MP3 as it is easy to load music and play. The quality of sound is also good. However it takes me few 
Wonderful, really works. This product leaves a clean screen after use I tried with two laptop LCD screens . It is better than I expected. And the two bottles will 
Great product. Was very satisfied, so I purchased a second one. Both came earlier than I was expecting  
Deserves 6 stars - I should ve got one sooner!!. Fantastic machine - easy set up, great recognition, easy sychronization with my Palm. No more data entering for me - 
Superb control. Very well-designed control. Both IR and RF functions are flawless. Easy to set up, easy to learn any command from any other remote for example, it didn t 
Great Beginner s Keyboard. I bought this for my 7 yr old to practice on as she started Piano lessons. She is doing great and enjoys playing on it! It 
Good Looks Great performance. AM sensitivity is very good on this model. AM frequency lock is a little difficult to master, however it makes the set drift free. I own 
Best Buy. Bought these stands after much research, was looking for a good stand at a fair price. These serve the purpose. Great stand , great price.  
STR DG500. Sounds great!! I have 2 main front speakers, a centre speaker amd a sub woofer, and I will be getting 2 rear next week  
Great design, reception, sound, and value. This radio s design is excellent - solid, well-crafted feel; easy to hold when cranking the dynamo; simple and useful controls; easy-to-read analog tuning 
Worth every penny. First a short background - The TV I had previous to the Panasonic plasma was a 50 Panasonic rear projection LCD about three years old. Source materials 
love the 420i. I read some other reviews on other sites that almost made me not want this product, but I m glad I did get it. I control the 
Kingston SD Card. This is a high quality product, and can be used in several digital cameras with great results  
Perfect!. This was just the bag I needed for work. I used it as a carry on and kept a change of clothes in it just in case my luggage 
excellent product. This portable cd holder is perfect for me. I work out regularly and it has been perfect for the gym. My cd player fit fine and there are 
Great board... poor documentation. This is a seemingly great motherboard. Just beware though; IF you have an Intel Pentium 4 Extreme Edition 3.46Ghz processor, this board WILL NOT WORK! It 
These are good labels. These labels are nice and thick, and both inkjet and laser printers print very well on them no bleeding or flaking . If you have dark 
Great Wifi addon. Works very well on my linksys router and my Noxon iRdadioVery fast overseas shippingGreat product and selle  
Very Good TV. I m very happy with the set. Although not listed in the specs, it must have a QAM tuner, because I am able to watch unscrambled digital 
Great product. Epson Genuine T048920 Color Ink cartridge mulitpack is a great product I would not trust my Epson printer to anything else, if it s not genuine Epson it 
Affordable and effective. Cheaper than thick CD cases and less prone to breakage, these slim cases by Memorex protect your CDs. Most buyers will get them for use in CD 
One of best package SD Card SD Card Reader . One of best price performance solution  
Absoloutely Perfect!. I had NO problems of any type setting up this router and linking my home Mac PowerPC and Intel macs wireless network to my internet provider. Even though 
Just like real photos. If it had a faint logo on the back like real photo paper no one would know the difference! This paper and the Epson Stylus Photo 
Great Portable Power Strip. This power strip is quite compact and easily transported with a laptop. It s great for travel and working in a coffe shop. I m thinking 
Painful to install, but best nav option for Symbian devices. Decent Mac support too!. There are two very negative customer reviews for the TomTom Navigator 6 software as of this 
EPSON C86 Printer. Epson has good printers but they seem to last for about 2 years & break down when installing a new ink cartridge. The C86 printer is the 
Lightscribe!. Excellent good product safe purchase and with great prestatividade of the Amazon.com store already was a fan now more fan of the Amazon still will go to make more 
FINALLY!!!! Something that entertains the kids for hours!. I have three girls, 13,11, and 9. They ALL play with this thing for HOURS at a time. They compete to see 
Wireless headphones. These headphones do not possess the latest technology, but just work. You do need line of sight to the transmitter, for them to work, but that is just 
haught460. The phone and answering machine work great. The only thing is we need to turn up the volume on the phone with almost every phone call. Overall this is 
great gaming. i got this tv mostly for online gaming and i m very happy that i did.the color and picture is purfec  
Great Monitor for the Price. I just received this monitor and am very pleased with the performance. It arrived in perfect working order with no dead pixels. One thing I 
They do exactly what they should. If you re looking for a cheap, 2-speaker solution to your computer sound needs this is a great choice. They have a great presence 
Make your desktops wireless. I purchased this switch so that I could remove some wires from running across the floor. It is a good inexpensive way to make your wired 
Crystal clear. If your budget is under 200 for a center channel, BUY this one. I auditioned this next to several other speakers @ Best Buy and this one was 
Great CD Player and Transaction!. Previously I d purchased from E-Bay a used Sony 300-disk player for a fair price. It worked rather well for several months and then all 
Works with the N1 Wireless Router. This three antennae desktop wireless card works with my N1 Wireless Router. Never a dropped connection and I think is looks cool sorry I 
The Minidisc Improved. The Sony HMD1G Hi MD minidisc is now a little bit more availableand is really a good idea. It is a major improvment on theoriginal minidiscs which 
Terk SIR-MINI Roof Antenna. Works great.Had to remove the brown plastic fitting from the antenna wire that encased the actual metal connector to the cradle.Other reviews pointed this out so 
Still working like day I got it 2 years ago!!. No complaints here.. as a Realtor I print 20-30 pages at one time and never had one paper jam or 
Knock me over with a feather ;- . I have a souped-up SONY media center computer that worked great under Windows XP MCE, .... until I upgraded to Vista.After a 
Efficient seller. I blinked and the item was at my door step; fast transaction. The item arrived as expected and in great condition. Good job...  
Work great. These phones do everything as advertized. They are way better than the top of the line AT&T phones that they replaced. noisy, buttons didnt work, dropped the connection 
Brilliant pictures and customer service . What amazed me even more than the beautiful images it is a gorgeous tv , was the exceptionally high level of forethought that Crutchfield 
Polk SurroundBar vs Yamaha YSP-1000. My Home Theatre was a reasonable system by any measure and better than most. However, my wife re-arranged the living room furniture and in one 
With the rebate, it s a great deal. The case is very high quality and feels pretty durable. The handle on the side is pretty cool, and has a good 
Love It!. I recently purchased the Vision W, and so far I have really enjoyed it. I ve only had a chance to snyc my music into it so far, 
Excellent companion to use for adults or children. The only comment my adult daughter had about the product was that the soft back Scrabble dictionary had words that were not 
Samsung LT-P1545 15 Flat-Panel LCD TV. First, I would buy it again if I needed to. This 15 takes up less space on the kitchen counter, i.e., speakers are on 
Nice, but go with the component cable if you got the . This product will give superior picture over the standard coax and composite cables. If your TV has a 
Excellent product. I recommend to everyone this product since you can use your radio without any signal interference. Great quality and good price  
Overalled Pleased. I am very happy with my ebookman-901, there are one or two things that I am not too pleased about. Number one being the MMC , once you 
Do your research and make sure it s compatible. This is more a shame on me for assuming my Motorola L7 could accomodate more than a 1GB card like any 
cyberpad is great. No problems getting it to work right out of the box, or connecting to my computer for download. The batteries didn t last very long, so make 
Armband Skin = Good Value. This armband provides good protection to the nano via a skin that the nano slides into and a rigid clear protector that fits over the 
Good player, but note details!. Good player, but I just noticed that it will NOT play tracks encoded in Windows Media Audio Pro . So, it does play WMA files, 
&quot;Excelent Laptop Case&quot;..... The Quality is excelent and I recommend to any person that looks for a computer case with very good price and comtemporary appearance. Superior and finest leather 
Perfect. The StreetPilot 7200 was everything I expected and more. It seems to have the latest maps installed and worked perfectly from the instant it was turned on. I would 
Upgrade to Amazon s description of this item. FYI here are some product details not specified on Amazon s description. I did not realize these are only designed for smaller 
Chick iPod Holder!. Love the look of this case. It s pinker than it looks in the picture, which isn t a bad thing for me! I m a stay-at-mom 
Epson Matte Paper S041257. Excellent paper for my printing black white pictures and also color pictures. I get good quality prints and I am well satisfied with this product. The 
IOGEAR KVM GCS632U is a great solution!. I recently purchased a Dell D820 Notebook and wanted some way to take advantage of using the monitor and keyboard I was already 
Great product, great price. Excellent quality for its intended use. The price was unbelieveably low,. You can t beat either  
Quality, USEFUL iPod Dock... I bought an iPod dock when I got my 30 GB iPod Video. It was the base one from the Apple store. Of course it worked 
Well worth the price. Granted, I would never spend 59 to cover a 79 iPod Shuffle... but for any of the other iPods over 200, it s a good deal... 
Massive storage, great detailing. I have owned this backpack for almost two years and have put thousands of miles on it in NYC my home town and traveling on business 
Flexibilty, functionality, and value. Putting together 5.1 channel home theater audio, I ended up with a bevy of used Gallo Accoustic Nucleus speakers and needed some way to get them 
Best Value, Superior Quality. This review is a little long-winded, but I am going to share with you my experiences after burning hundreds of DVDs. After all, many of us 
Works as Advertised. Works just as advertised. No problems installing or using. Thumbs up.  
Very good set. It s light, made it extremely possible to take it home from my work address. Looked clean unpacking, no damage, just a brilliant look even when the 
Excellent product. I ve owned this item for almost a full year and I am extremely pleased with it. It s so nice being able to carry around my laptop 
JetFlash V30. I m very impressed with this drive. I had originally bought a pair of 256MB drives in order to back up private information. I realized I needed more 
Check your hardware Software prior to purchasing blank media. ... Especially for DVDs. These have been working perfectly for me. I haven t wasted one disk. I had similar problems 
Netgear FS108. These work great. I buy quite a few of these a year for use in our IT department  
Great card reader for the price. This is a great card reader for the price. Why pay more if this one reads the all cards that you have? Personally, I 
Great Portable ipod-like Styling Photo Printer!. Actually, this is CP720 review, but the spec of CP730 is almost same except 2.0 LCD, Image Cropping Function, Battery Operated, multi format media, 
Xantrex is great. I have used this product on my laptop, IPOD & Palm Pilot to charge it & it works great. It is definitely worth the price!  
Good for the . Batteries made in China, good for everyday use...For 10 a good bu  
Great combo printer. I have been very happy with the performance of this all-in-one printer. I use it as a general office unit and love the ability to copy scan 
Compact Jewel of a cassette deck. I bought this unit because I was in the process of transferring many old, irreplaceable cassettes to CD, and my 20-year old Aiwa just 
This is Perfect Mouse for Notebooks!!. This little mouse came to me today and I use it on my Brand New Laptop Computer. This little pink mouse is perfect for 
Pretty cool. The SpaceNavigator works really well. It s very responsive to touch and makes flying around Google Earth very easy! Here are the shortcomings I have found:- there is 
excellent cleaner. When you first look at this cleaner one can t think how simple! It looks like a Compact Disc with tiny brushes on it. My CD player was 
Very Good Quality. I am very happy with these. They are fast and with very good qualit  
Cyber Power 4 Port Hub. I have had several different 4 port hubs that I have used with different laptops and found all liking in one way or the other. 
Great for Windows, works for Mac with a bit of effort. I use a Windows based wireless network with a Mac attached. I used the print server to connect my 
serious and good state. The seller delivered right in the least of times and I got a perfect memory stick  
Just fantastic. This computer rolling is just fantastic: Very good quality, Strong and with a very big room to carry the laptop a complete mobile office and at least 2 
Tune Belt Open View 1st generation iPod Shuffle Armband Carrier. It s great. I bought it for my wife to use while she works out. She loves it  
Best headset ever!. This is the best headset I ve ever used for gaming, better than even more expensive models I ve tried. It s comfortable with plenty of padding 
Sony WM-FX290 Stereo Cassette Player with FM AM TV Weather Tuning. Can t stop listening to it  
Only great because the others are so bad. This is the only step up from the poor sound of standard clock radios. Its too bad the jump is about 100. 
Does the job. It s a simple device, so there s not to say about it other than it does the job. You should note that the LEDs on the 
Suits my needs, replacing a JBL PSWD112. I replaced a JBL PSWD112 after a couple years of service, and a failed power board that couldn t be fixed replaced thru 
Excellent flashlight. Not quite as bright a conventional flashlight, but certainly bright enough. No battery feature can t be beat. Manufacturer claims it will stay on for a hour with 
Great Deal. Don t bother buying apples dock-get this. I have been using this with my iPod video for the past year, and it has yet to fail me. It 
Wow!. This DVD player provides a picture to my 46 Sony TV with 1080p that is very close in quality to HD broadcasts. The only way to watch a DVD 
The perfect carrying case!. Sling it over the shoulder, pack it on you back, or carry it with one hand. This computer case, not only offers three confortable ways to 
Buen producto. La relacin precio calidad es excelente, adems que tiene iguales caracteristicas que las de Sony a un precio mucho menor  
Small but lots of features. It does everything promised but takes several hours of going over the instructions to figure out how to program some of the features. Instructions hard 
Almost perfect. This is the second Wacom tablet I own and the third tablet in general. The other wacom is the 9 x 12. Which, at the time, I thought 
Nice but a few issues. I have been using the sport kit for a few months and I really like it. It is easy to use, uploading to the site 
TIVO gave me a life!!. Not going to beat a dead horse...there s plenty of reviews on this product. However, I love this product. I would recommend this to anyone 
An excellent sub.equally at home with movies or music.the polk has great bass slam ... This is an excellent subwoofer.I am using them on two of my home theater systems. 
Works great in my Ubuntu Edgy 6.10 Linux system. On the recommendation of the previous reviewer, I was looking for a card that would run Compiz, Beryl, XGL, AIGLX, etc. 
Excellent Earbuds. I was hesitant when I read the negative reviews, but I was very satisfied when I got my earbuds today. I understand some people complained about discomfort, but 
Great Memory key for a great price. I m a school teacher and use the cruzer to store all of my lesson plans and school related documents. The 2.0 GB 
Great quality. Great sound quality Powerfull enough to fill my living room though probably not with 25 people in party mode with a small footprint.- The remote requires you to 
Excellent. This is an excellent hand held scanner. It takes practice to use becaue you need to learn to hold it steady and move it quickly without jerking it. They 
Good sound, but some usability issues. I like the sound quality of the radio, even regular non-HD FM stations sound better than my previous JVC desktop audio system. Problems:1. The 
Good splitter for ipod. I have used this for my ipod and my psp. I say its better for the ipod. The thought of a splitter for the psp is 
Sturdy Protective Case. I have had this case for about 7 months and I am satisfied with its performance. It is well built and has protected my TX from damage. 
handset review. Performs well and good range. You can only store a few pictures, so don t think this has as much memory as your cell phone for storing individual 
It s basically the same thing that came with the Zune. Overpriced for what it is, but it is a fairly durable cable if you needed an extra one  
Archos 504 Great Product, Support lacking. I have had the 504 now for about a month and love the product. After converting my old 8mm film and video tapes years 
Does What It s Supposed To. Have used this product on both Mac and PC platforms and it works flawlessly. Forget not being able to switch screens with keyboard hotkey 
pretty slick. I just received my speakers yesterday. The setup was very simple and they really sound good. I didn t realize that my xbox was going to require an 
Quality product, good price. Good pedal. The units that come with many keyboards such as my older Yamaha P80 are rubbish. The springs are way too weak such that when 
Great Alternative to the iPod shuffle. I personally know that iPods break really easy, and shouldn t be used by a kid. Exspecially because of the cost. But I think 
good mp3 player, bad battery life. It s conviently small, but not too small to lose in a purse backpack etc, but it has HORRIBLE battery life. I m in 
It works!. Umm. This is ink. Not much to say other than it works fine with my Epson R320 Printer  
Powerful, Excellent Value. This powerful non-graphing calculator has over 300 functions, a two line display, and you pretty much enter algebraic expressions as they re written just be careful to 
Good, could be better. I really like having the traffic info provided. The info for the most part is up to date and timely, it is around 85 which I 
Cheap and perfect. This is a great product since it is cheap and you can color coordinate your cd s with them: each of the colors represents music, data, pictures 
Floppy Disk Drive. My new computer doesn t have the 3.5 disk drive.I have many of the disks I still wanted to use.The LaCie drive is handy and simple to 
Franklin SCD-1870 Speaking 11th Collegiate Dictionary. I am very happy with the Franklin SCD-1870 Speaking 11th Collegiate Dictionary. The audio is very clear and so far every word I ve 
Very nice little radio. I just needed a small inexpensive radio with a good stereo headphone jack to listen to at work that had better reception than my iRiver music 
A perfect solution. If your like me and have way too many cd s and dvd s and not near enough space then this is the solution for you. It 
Logitech is the best. These speakers are the best speakers I have ever heard. Well balanced between power and clarity. I recommend Logitechs Z5500  
Does it all. Easy set up, including wireless networking, inexpensive ink. Really does it al  
power inverter. good product has done what i needed it to do, ie moble power in a neat packag  
Can t beat it for the money. This receiver has been great! Wonderful sound quality, a phono input and plenty of power. Tuner works great. The button for tape deck 
Very cool.... I thought these speakers looked a little strange to begin with, but I then put the subwoofer under my desk and left the non-obtrusive satellite speakers next to 
Great for class lectures. I use this recorder exclusively for class lectures and could not be happier. Most important feature I was looking for was clarity in a large room. 
Solid card. A must have size. I bought 2 of these cards and use them in my Treo. I can fit several movies and tv shows on each card which 
Standard SDHC card. Works well and even at my camera s full 8 mega pixels I can take 1138 photos. Just make sure your device can support the SDHC format. 
Logitech Harmony 688 Universal Remote. This is the first remote that I ve found that operates all my audio and video components. It s reasonably priced and easy to set 
Just be patient. This is a great remote. I know a person who has it and has problems. They sayThat the timing is wrong, or it always turns off the 
Great deal!. I haven t stopped using it since I got it. I needed it to plug to my home stereo and it works beautifully.I plug it to portable speakers 
Love it!. The Archos 504 is everything I hoped it would be. It is necessary to order the adapter kit to tape TV shows, but the ease of use and 
Plextor PX-760A Review. The drive was easy to install in my HP Media Center PC. The drive is very responsive and speeds are great.Very slow eject process makes you wonder 
Well-designed, expensive wireless presenter for your PC. Cons:1 Trackball on device mouses really slow. Not sure if there s a way to increase the speed.2 You must follow the directions 
Bah.. I wanted a purple one : . But I ll settle with blue! Does it s job and does it well! :  
It is like part of me!. Ok, I got this as gift so I got nothing to lose right! Well, this little gadget will be my first open door to 
Coby MP3 player. I have enjoyed this MP3 as I get to listen to my books on audio that are for MP3. It is amazing how technology has advanced  
All Is Well. Received the 3 color ink cartridge promptly. It was as expected. It appears to be a genuine HP printer cartridge. I installed it. It works perfectly. What 
Excellent for basic GPS, bit bulkier than TomTom One. Pros----- Very easy to use interface- Screen brightness is very good even in strong sunlight- Volume & clarity of instructions are 
Great Value. Crisp and deep picture. Sony has improved picture quality with each iteration of LCD display. I have noticed the most improvement of picture quality and definition resolution within 
A very fast card. This card has unbelievable performance in games, second only to the 8800 GTX version. You can run all modern games with all the settings up to 
Yamaha IPOD Dock. Easy as expected. The Yamaha RX V 2700 system has full control over the IPOD. Excellent sound quality  
DVD-S32S. Works as billed. I am currently playing a DVD RL that would not play on any other player. I have not purchased a 1080P LCD TV, but it is 
Great Product!!. I purchased these headphones about a month ago and they are a great product. Great sound and design. The look is impeccable. The thing that got me real 
Great unit if you have limited component video inputs. This unit works flawlessly, there is little to no loss in picture quality. Also works well if you need extra optical 
Good Video card. Video Card install with no problem, have been running for a few weeks now with no problems. As far as my usage this card a winner.  
Buying my 4th set. I was initially skeptical when I bought these but figured it couldn t hurt. I needed a set for my Nikon SB-600 flash. The 2700 mAh 
Linksys Router. I have always purchased Linksys products as I have never had a problem with them. I needed another router with more ports and it has been working great. 
great apparatus!. A very wonderful addition to your Onkyo home receiver if you have an iPod. No longer do you have to change out CD s from your player every 
Excellent value for money. The quality of the sound is very good indeed, I would say crystal clear. They were also a very good bargain. The design is also very 
Palm VII Case fits palm III. My Wonderful girlfriend got this for my palm IIIc, it fits perfectly and i love the look and feel of it. It is slightly 
Separate drum = longer life, better economy, quality. Brother s separate drum toner cartridge arrangement makes for a longer life of the toner output equipment overall. Having been the owner 
damage case lid. the lid of one of the cases was broken but otherwise everything was ok  
Zune Travel Pack. The get the whole set!! The home charger, the extra sync cable, the remote additional earphones are very cool, and the new premium earphones rule!. I never 
This is a very cool thing!. I just purchased this unit through Amazon.com, and never having owned one before, I didn t quite know what to expect. It arrived promptly, 
A good, simple cable. I wanted a compact and easily-storeable cable for my computer, and this one fit the bill. Like all spring-loaded retractable cables you shouldn t really pull 
Practical. Two disc cases are very handy. You can insert printed matter on the clear plastic sleeve. This is great for recorded video that could not fit on one disc 
Great bag !!. I absolutely love this bag.At first i was worried that it looked big but it s very professional looking and the red inner lining makes it very 
Best Remote Ever... Period. For Xmas my wife and myself treated ourselves to an Olevia 32 LCD TV for the bedroom. One problem I needed 3 remotes. One for the 
fine perfomance. I have this player for over a month now and it has perfomed fine. One of course has to consider that this is a first generation blu-ray player 
Good for animation. I bought this for my 12 year old daughter, she likes to draw, I saw her using colored pencils and a scanner, so I looked on the 
External Floppy drive. I have many photos on floppy disc and my new computers didn t come with a floppy drive. I will be using the drive with both my 
a nice charger. It tells you what it is doing. Some communication is better than none  
Wait!!!. The CD trays are a little flimsy, but this audio system really packs a whollop. The sound is excellent. For the price, it has a lot of features, such 
Works Fine. I have had no problems with the drive. I like the small size  
Worked as advertised for me. First off, I am going to be a little more forgiving of this item because I was able to purchase it for 39.00 on closeout.For 
Delivers what it promises. I purchased this to be used primarily by someone who is very non-tech oriented and has a lousy sense of direction. She warmed up to it 
Without a doubt the best. I have gone through several generations of digital music systems. There is nothing that comes close to the Sonos. Yes, they are very, very expensive 
LaCie 706018 USB Floppy Disk Drive. My iMac G5 does not have a floppy drive. I needed a USB floppy drive so I could create documents on my G5 and 
excellent GPS for navigation. We purchased the Nuvi 370 our 3rd GPS for use on an upcoming bicycle tour in Europe. It has full detailed maps of all of North 
Steelpad 5L Series Mousepad. Much too big for the area we have for it. But a nicely designed graphic. Might be better for a graphic artist type with a lot 
Best I ve seen but not perfect. First off, I don t give 5 s for anything. If you expect this remote to be able to duplicate your other remotes 
Not bad performance. Not bad performance, but not very quiet, and a little bit slow  
Good price-quality relation. It is a complete stuff, nice screen, good sound and easy to install  
Canon HC-18IP color paper for mini Canon printer. The first paper I used came with the Canon printer. 5 sheets I got a Canon HC-18IP kit from a local dealer, 
A great gift item. I purchased this for my girlfriend who did not previously have any portable music device. It was a Christmas present and we both live in the 
This should come with a Satelite Radio!. Works exactly as advertised. If you can see one of the screws that holds you passenger seat in place, then this device is 
For the price, this is the best. I use my PC to record TV shows, but had no easy way to watch them on my TV without constantly burning DVDs 
Really useful for your iBook G4. This is the adapter you want for your iBook G4. It s mini-VGA to Video, NOT mini-DVI to Video. I ve used it to 
High DEFINITELY Dynamic Sound!!!!. Easy to setup, beauty, and Quality no need to spend more, and My Sirius satillite radio sounds great when played via this HD RADIO, You will 
Case Logic compared to Domino. Three of these items will store 42 single DVD cases. Two of the Domino products will store the same number of items.Just for the heck 
Uniden Cordless Phone. I bought this item for my grandaughter. You can use it in any room on any call and pick up the extention with out missing a call. 
Best I ve seen but not perfect. First off, I don t give 5 s for anything. If you expect this remote to be able to duplicate your other remotes 
Good product. ..But don t expect too much as far as bass response. For that buy either on or around ear ones  
HP DESKJET PRINTER. In my opinion Hewlett-Packard makes the best printers and they have very good technical support. The printers are very easy to install, operate and maintain. I was 
It s a great tote for a cheap price. The tote looks professional and classy. It has a thin compartment for your files, and pockets for your cellphone, cards and 
Great product. This product is exactly as described and arrived very quickly... A seller! Will definately buy from again  
i would give it 6 stars. this is really an awesome product, it works perfect, not only cools my dell inspiron 1505 but it also doesnt make any sound. what 
Best Darn Switch I Have Ever Found!!. We have searched and read reviews on so many KVM switches and it seems that there are issues with many of the KVM 
Mounting system works and looks great. Nice smooth operation - no hitches in installation - just as advertised - I hung a 42 samsung LCD on it - good suppor 
Lots of features. Not for the novice. I am still trying to figure this thing out. I am very computer electronic savy, so I thought this would be easy to 
Good printer for price and my use. This is a good printer for home user wanting to do pictures and some presentation papers ,,there are better and there are worst 
USB 2.0 fully supported on the Mac. The product description is incorrect, USB 2.0 works fine on the newer Macs that have such ports. It s overpriced; buy a gently-used 
Archival DVDs. All reviews speak highly of this DVD medium. We hope they are right.  
Great System. Strengths: sound, design, controls, 5CD changer, compact designWeaknesses: remote is not well designed all buttons the same size , doesn t recognize folders on CDsSummary: I was shopping 
Excellent and Inexpensive CB Radio. I had some serious doubts about a CB radio that was so inexpensive. But, overcoming my doubts, I purchased it and installed it in my 
Works great, no prob w Mac. This wireless keyboard trackpad combo isn t officially rated as Mac compatible, but I had no problems using it with my G4 Powerbook. Works 
Great battery. I bought this to replace original Canon batteries that came with my Canon A280. This is really good and I am happy with battery life, charge time etc.The 
Great Speakers. These are great speakers for small bookshelf speakers in the back of the room or up on the kitchen cabinets. They have good range and base for small 
Likely the Best travel case on the market. Although this case is a bit more pricey than your standard discount store types, it is well worth the extra . My 
Great Hub. This hub takes care of old power issues I had with smaller unpowered hubs . It is handling my pda, usb jump drive, high capacity external drive, and 
A great joystick. You don t always get what you pay for, but you do with this joystick. Wow! This is the quality that I have been searching for. Thrustmaster 
Both ways. nice slim size, and you can set it up flat or on it s side. Fits in tight spaces.  
Good Fix for Laptop Audio. Solid product. Headphone speaker jack on my laptop died and manufacturer wanted 40 just to cover shipping fees to have it fixed! I bought this 
AEBS far better than my NetGear RangeMax MIMO v.1. This Airport Extreme Base Stations ROCKS the house. I m using it to connect wirelessly to a FW800 Dualie, G4 1.42 
Just what I wanted. This was exactly what I was looking for. The tape came packaged in original manufacturer s packaging. Only complaint is the amount of dead space on 
Gets the job done. The armband radio is very conveint for running. It takes a minute to find the right station since the tuner is not digital. The band stays 
Good little stand. I have a Yamaha PSR 175, and this stand works beautifully for what i need. Granted, It would not hold up if i were standing up, pounding 
Will it work for PS3?. I have been using it for the PS2 for several years and I love it.Now, I just got the PS3 so I wonder if it 
Perfect. I recommend this company and this service with the closed eyes. Excellent and very fulfilled. Received in the approved time and in perfect conditions. Briefly excellent..  
good value for price. provides terrific image on screen ,in both TV and DVD modes. Needs a standard R&W audio output for those with ancient audio systems. Very good value 
Excellent sound, look, easy of use, size. I bought this because Sony always seems to make decent stuff, it fit in my bedroom and I put one speaker on either 
performs as advertised. Length of ownership: 8 weeksThis puppy really reaches out. My laptop s internal intel pro wireless sees about 6 networks but with the Hawking dish a typical 
Sony 3DMR30 8CM DVD-R Discs. The seller was prompt and courteous with the transaction. The goods were delivered even sooner than expected. I highly recommend this vendor  
So Good I bought 2. I bought a transmitter and Receiver about 6 months ago to bring Picture in picture to my main TV from a second satellite box. Worked 
Shuffle Bang&Olufsen A8 earbuds. I love my shuffle but could not stand the crummy earbuds that came with it. They were uncomfortable, fell out easily, and really hurt. I splurged 
Great product. This is a great product that was delivered without hassel. Fast service right to my door  
excellent mouse. I ve been a gamer for almost 20 years. This is the best mouse I ve ever owned. It is fast, accurate, well formed and constructed. I would 
Eton Grundig S350DL. This S350DL is everything I need in a portable radio. Powered by D-cells which seem to last forever, the FM audio is fabulous for a 150 radio 
Sennheiser MX55V Stereo Headphones. These headphones sound pretty good, but they aren t the best. When running, the volume controller gets in the way and bounces. It is also easy 
Great Deal. I bought this radar laser detector and I do not regret buying it! It is a wonderful companion on the highway  
Great recorder & user friendly. I m mainly recording from other cd s & mini discs & am very pleased with the ease & quality of the CD-RW880. I replaced 
What can you say?. Use Canon ink with you Canon printer and you ll have no problems, just excellent pictures  
Well made case, although I don t use it. I bought this for traveling mostly. I prefer the tactile feel of the actual iPod, rather than this case, for everyday 
Great Item. This could not be easier. My grandchildren love it and can operate it with out any help. They are 7 and 9. Adults love it too, altho it 
Great accessory for 5G iPods. I bought this as an alternative to the more expensive Apple A V cable, and it works absolutely perfect with my iPod. Both the sound 
Easy Does It. Our Oskar Multimedia Storage Cabinet arrived in a timely manner and was in very good condition. My husband assembled the unit with ease, until it was time 
Great protection for MacBook. A great product - snug fit on the laptop, and appears to be a part of the laptop itself. Difficult to remove, but no real reason 
These Earbuds Are The Best. I took my MP3 player into the store with me to check out earbuds.Eveyone I tried was terrible; so I ended up buying online.I read 
Works great, sounds great. I upgraded from a Denon AVR-1801 that gets pretty good reviews and this thing kills it. The amp is clearly stronger than my old one, and 
Excellent Sound Quality and Comfortability!. I ve been using these JVC earbuds for several months now, and I find them to be very comfortable for hours on end. The sound 
Portable and easy to use. We Bobby & me bought this product to use in the weight room at school where there has never been electricity for the past 34 
Additional Hardware Required. A really great product. However the product details neglect to mention mounting hardware is not included.The wall attachment is designed to mount on additional Ergotron hardware:Wall Mount 
Toshiba 30GB PMP. It s great, the screen is clear, the music sound nice, and the pictures show clear with nice size screen  
Great buy. Great buy for the money. four stars only because it is made out of about 3 8 mdf and could be sterdier. Height is great for medium size 
Visor Deluxe. Unit works about as expected, with possible exception of a few areas of the screen that are not too sensitive to the touches from the stylus. So far 
Good price, fast service. The service was speedy, as usual. I wish Epson would offer an online deal that includes all the ink in one pack. Currently only one store 
Heavy Duty Cable. This cable is HEAVY duty. I know there are places that it needs to be used. I am using it from my DVD player recorder to my 
Buy these cables!. These cables are super with my new DVD player. There is absolutely no interference from my other home theater equipment. The picture is soo clear, and vivid. 
cool. The aluminum conducts heat very efficiently out from the laptop. The fans just add to the cooling. It is effective.  
works great. This was a great purchase for me as Iam still running a windows me computer. Its older and doesnt have the usb ports the new ones have and 
Careful if you have Magnavox 20MF605T 17 20 . I bought this mount to fix my Magnavox 20MF605T 17 20 to a concrete wall. The mount was very easy to 
Dependable &amp; Reasonably Priced. Sandeep s review was informative, but for photographers like myself, I m not going to be too concerned about a difference of 6 MB actual 122 
Toshiba 15 - Best value - Shopped around. Yes there were some less expensive 15 LCD s with DVD out there, but after checking numerous web sites and reviews, Toshiba 
Great reader. I spent 10 on a MediaGrear keychain CF card reader first. That reader is usable, but it is hard to pull my CF card out. I think that 
Actually, it works great. I have both rented this system from a camera shop, and bought my own here. The sound is very crisp and clear and I have not 
Good Phone. The phone was simple to install and is light weight. Even though the phone is made of plastic, it looks authentic metal . The sound quality is good, 
Just what I was looking for!. I am pleased with the purchase. They hold 30 CD s in the full jewel case. I bought 10 boxes and I got all 
None other than Logitech. I bought this microphone for recording in FLStudio, conversing in Skype, and replacing the internal Sigmatel mic on my laptop. this was exactly what I was 
The Audiophile Amp, For The budget Customer. My Experience with this product has been fantastic, powerful, clean and smooth listening with a soft touch to the ear. Powerful when you 
Great Shredder. I ve used this shredder several times in the last couple of months. On the first use, I had a stack of at least 100 sheets of paper. 
Defies the laws of physics?. Despite the carefully worded description of the physics of light transmission, I found the TOS to TOS ILS200-1M made a significant difference in the sound 
My first MP3 player, but is easy to use and does its job very well. This is an outstanding product. It is my way of using my music anywhere I 
Don t get ripped off by expensive cables. If you need to connect your computer with DVI to an HDTV via HDMI use this cable.I have my 37 vizio connect 
Great buy and easy Install. After shopping and shopping, this was the best deal possible. Shipment was timely as well. Installation was a breeze with a mount that couldn t 
Great Functionality, Easy to Program. I got this remote last week and have really had time to play around with it over this weekend. So far I am blown away 
WOW - I Concur with all praise reviews. I am an audio quality freak! I love flac and ape, 64-bit decoding, cowon s jet audio sound re-production over windows media 
good deal and compatible. Try to record and play @ dvd player, no problem at allgood product, just follow the instructio  
Very nice for a single function printer. I bought this unit over a year ago, and it have been working great ever since. We have an amateur photographer in the 
good but some quirks. this product works great under most conditions. the only thing that made me give it 4 stars was that sometimes the modulation would turn off or 
Very satisfied with this projector. Took the advice of various websites and purchased this projector. It s a very nice entry-level projector decent throw and brightness. With the hot deals 
it s all right... it was not what i was expecting... but still ok... probably 96kbps... quality... still all right for the price... but if u want something with 320kbps 
8 in 1 multicard reader KRW8IN1SCS KODAK . I have used the device numerous times since the purchase and would highly recommend it. Would buy it again  
Panasonic PV-D4745S DVD VCR Dual Deck Silver . Good-looking product, simple set up and operation. picture and sound quality are spot on  
WD2500KS - A decent all-around drive. This is a decently fast drive that runs a bit warm with little spindle motor noise.It is NOT whisper quiet as it has plenty 
What A Difference !. The first time I saw one these was at Best Buy, only it was a Monster Brand. After a sales person told me what it was 
Excellent. I like this a lot and have used it at work with my Avaya handset. Nice usage, good controls. Easy to start and end phone calls.I am ordering the 
Solid and Tight. The display and click wheel are covered and enclosed. Click wheel still works - very sensitive with case on. Acrylic back may get scuffed, but metal front 
Works well and is nice. Works well and was extremely inexpensive. A lot cheaper than the brand name version they sell in stores  
Works Good, Looks Good, Fast and Simple . . . I use one of these to download digital images from both CF and SF format cards. It is simple, small, 
a great machine. We bought two of this machine, one for the office and one for home. The one for the office is almost one year old, and it still 
Good but go with the Ultra Pro. The product works fine in any device that lets you see and use the DVD menu on the disc, such as a DVD 
Magellan Crossover Vehicle and Topo maps. Wonderful product; exceeds all my expectations.Reliable and easy to use and has already saved me many traffic snarls by choosing alternate routes  
A . Item was delivered quickly and in great condition. I m very satisfied with the product  
Absolutely outstanding. The ideal solution when you need a system that can be used by a technophobe. Sonos is by far the cheapest whole house jukebox system available. Established home 
My favorite GPS. This is a fantastic unit. I own 3 GPS units. A Magellan 2000XL, a Garmin GPS V, and this unit. I use this unit far more often 
very nice for multifuntion printer. like others said so of the extras won`t work with the printserver like ink levels ect. the the most imporant thing to me was printing 
Amazing product!!!!!. I ve seen a number of negative reviews for this product, however I think their problem was with their particular player not the model itself. I ve had 
Great price and great quality!. I rarely write a review , but I figure I should on this one. First off, the price was perfect for 100 dvd blanks. Next, 
Nicely packaged product. We borrowed a Cannon printer and digital scanner for a little fund-raising project. I was a little sceptical of the paper and ink packaged together, but it 
Great amount of memory!!!. I was so impressed with the amount of memory on this media card. I wondered if I could take a movie of my son s 3 
Great buy..... I bought this flash drive about 4 months ago, and it s worked perfectly, I use it everyday, it has a great feature for hidding important information, a 
Great backpack. I am using this bag for school in which I need to carry 4 textbooks, a laptop 15.4 inch screen and a couple of notebooks. The pack has 
Nuvi 370. Product is compact and convenient to use. Display and voice are clear and precise. Works well placed on shelf in dash providing some level of security without having 
Just what I was hoping for. I put off buying this for quite a while, but am so glad I finally did. I have been looking for a way to 
No Problems. We have had this ipod for several months now and it has not given us a single problem. The songs sound good and it nice that the size 
Great for lectures. I purchased this to record science lectures for school. I found it to be very useful. The recordings are clear and crisp. I find that it works 
Great for Slingbox. I use this to control my Slingplayer! It works great, just like a TV remote control! Easy to program and setup  
Great for the price. This antenna works great. Compact. Can be placed anywhere and still has good reception. Big improvement over rabbit ears  
Preeeety good!. This organizer is pretty good. The English to Spanish translator was a LIFESAVER and the phone book is handy for emergency numbers  
Good value for your money. This GPS has lots of features. 20GB hard drive is the best of all. This is the best GPS that s available on the market 
Clean. Nice item looks clean ,at first look you might think it is not stable but to my suprise it holds up nice  
GREAT!. This product is great. Sure beats the i pod considering its 70 dollars less and it has more features than it. The radio works fine for me and the 
Interested in a 50-inch flat panel TV? Look no further!. All right, I ve been wanting to share my experience for a while, so here s my story:I was interested 
Cooling down the fire of Pentium D. Purchased it in Aug 2006, to cool Pentium D 840. I bought the CPU knowing that it had heating issues, but I wasn 
Good Solid Digital Card... No Complaints. I go out I take tons of pictures I come home and download the pictures from my Kodak 5MP camera into my computer for 
A necessary piece for the iPod. There s little to say about the iH6 Clock Radio. It does what you need it to do wake you up with buzzer, radio 
Quality product. Serves its purpose perfectly, just take it out of the box and set your monitour on it. Very sturdy with great curves  
Greatly improved performance. Before adding this antenna to my wireless router, I had unreliable connections. Since adding it, I consistently get the high speed connection I m paying for.  
Don t Be Fooled by it s Size or the Brand Name. When I started looking for an mp3 player my main concern was the ability to play songs at 
DLO I- Boom for Ipods. I have recently purchased this item and was pleased with the sound. Some people complain about the hiss at low volumes, a problem that I 
Exceeds my expectations!. This is an inexpensive RF modulator that gets the job done. It s small, simple to set up and use, and reliable. If you re looking for 
Excellent product. This is an excellent product and works as advertised! Although the main reason why I purchased this product was to be able to avail of Amazon s free 
Sturdy & slick. Just bought this for my 17 HP dv9000t. Plenty wide, but as other reviewers remark, the unit hangs over the back about 2 full inches. I m 
Lots of storage for my mobile. I bought a couple of these, and they both work great. They allow plenty of storage for mp3 s pictures, videos, programs, and anything 
Great. This replaced my 4-port Netgear Hub. Fast, great looking; it now matches my silver computer. My only problem is that now the cables are in the back, and the 
Awesome!. I installed these under my travel trailer remove them from the brackets during transport and have been the envy of our camping group since. The sound quality and durability 
Good Batteries. I use them for wireless devices and digital cameras, with the Sony charger they are excellent. Much better than the rechargable Canon batterie  
Great upgrade over on-board sound. The last soundblaster I had used was a soundblaster Live a couple of years ago. Since then, I ve been relying on onboard sound on 
A young product, but works very well. It s a new product, and surely firmware updates will make it more stable as time goes on. Now on v1.02. But overall, 
Good Product. I just recieved this product today, and so far I am very pleased with it. It definately protects they keys very well and is very nice to the 
the noise cancellation is like magic. i bought these with limited expectations, as i didn t spend much and figured that would correlate with the performance. boy was i wrong 
another note from me. I have one of these to. Got it from Staples no shipping cost .It works find.PROS:The cleaning pad is removeable and can be hand cleaned. This 
Tripp Lite Extension Cables are solid performers. I bought two of these Tripp Lite U026-016 USB 2.0 FireWire 16 foot Active Extension Cables. I have had them for a month 
Excellent Service from DeLORME. I have an earlier version of this program and the antenna. It works well in the car with my laptop. I did not have the trouble 
Loved the 506-VB & the WB is even better. I used the older model 506VB for calculus and statistics classes when I went back to finish my degree several years 
Excelent product,. The best of Ear Headphones,Thanks a lot to question my opinio  
Comfortable phone. I bought 2 of these on the basis of Consumer Reports good review. They have been in use several months and no problems have surfaced. Very nice phones 
fast and easy. the USB flash frive is super easy to use and and it so small to cary anywhere. I use it for presentations and to load other computers 
Best Disc Repair Device I ve Used. It has restored every disc I put into it. That includes DVDs, CDs and games. It takes exactly 1 minute to restore a 
Great with Print Works CD DVD Envelopes. I use Print Works CD DVD envelopes and was worried when I ordered this product that the envelopes wouldn t fit top-up which 
Terrific bargain in a crimping tool. Professional Crimp Tool RJ45 11 12This tool is sold by dozens of vendors under various brand names. For example, Home Depot sells it under 
Great Case. This laptop case is perfect. It has room for files, cords, pens, etc. without being either too bulky or heavy. Slimlined. I am very pleased with this purchase 
Great Little Recorder. I ve had this recorder for over a year & use it every week. I use it to record chorus & voice rehearsals& it works great. I 
Great speakers for low price. I m very impressed with the quality of these speakers. The price was extremely reasonable. These might not be great for someone very serious about 
Powerful and versatile. Took a trip and used with a microwave oven. Saved enough money by cooking at rest stops instead of finding fast food to pay for unit. Even 
Solid little radio to keep you sane during power outages. I bought this radio to replace a similar one that a racoon stole off my deck last summer. I d 
Good Sound. Little noise buttons. A good add on to ipod compared to other costly or cheap products. The sound is good. It is loud enought to fill a medium 
HP - good printer. Printer arrived in good shape and was easy to get installed. Have used it for 4x6 photos only so far and the images appear to be 
I m Very Satisfied. The Iluv dock is great, dispite what I read from other reviews, I took a chance. It has very powerful speakers that can be heard clearly 
Muy buen producto y compatible con Linux. He usado esta memoria desde marzo de 2004 y la adquir por su compatibilidad con LINUX. Hoy da la mayora cumplen con esto, 
Makes My Macbook Feel Safe. This product works great. Just tie a loop to a bed post or anything that stays in one place and you ll know where your 
Good Wall mount. Mount is just what I needed, tho it is a universal type mount and covered up some of the slots for Video Game players on my Samsung 
Made a big difference on my HDTV picture. I bought one of these about 4 years ago along with a pair of high-end speakers. I never really bothered to compare 
Fricken Huge, but fricken good. Overall it s a great cloth mouse pad. It works great with my Evoluent Vertical Mouse2 and I m sure any other optical mouse. I 
HDTV Cabling. I was very pleasantly shocked to find out how much this cable improved the performance of my Samsung DLP HDTV! It was almost like getting a better TV 
very good. even though you have to crank your system way up to get any volume on these things, the sound quality is great.... deep lows and clear highs.....because of 
Great Sleeves. Like a previous reviewer I purchased a set Shure e2c s that only came with those hard rubber flex sleeves and foam sleeves. The flex sleeves hurt my 
MAXELL P-3 Universal iPod Charging Dock. This purchase was a gift and the recipient has been very happy with it  
one word: WOW. but i am going to have to add....COOL, FANTASTIC....and IMPRESSIVEmake sure you get an upconverting DVD player....brings existing non-blue ray DVD s most likely your current collection 
excellent product. I went to Best Buy to test all the outdoor speakers in person, and these did better than the BOSE and other high end brands. These are the 
Works as advertised. Glad I got it. Coverage is better than what I had before and it takes up less space. Does what it says it does and cost less 
Love it!. I love this case. I ve tried others and I find they stick after a good run. The Marware s lightweight, it breaths well and very comfortable. It 
Good Switch. I ve had several KVM switches over the years, and this is so far the best. As noted in another review, the keystroke capture is very good, and 
good but some let downs. the product itself is awesome. great size, big screen, and easy to use. on the other hand there are some flaws. unlike other mp4 s 
An excellent surge protector,for your computer and home stereo system. Today all electronic equipment is constantly under attack..Power surges and sags,chip away at your equipment..This causes your system to drop 
Who wants to hear my house rumble?. I am new to the audiophile world. On a low scale budget though. I purchased this subwoofer a few days ago and haven 
If you need a Memory Stick or a Memory Stick Duo, buy this. I get 10 MB s read write through the SanDisk Mobile Mate MS reader. It comes with 
I LOVE this paper. This is excellent, relatively inexpensive photo paper. I don t believe it comes in any other sizes which is a shame, I would love to have 
PROFESSIONAL MICROPHONE. The microphone and amp. are first rate, easy to move around and the voice quality is very good!I would highly reccomend this produc  
Outstanding sound and features, poor clock display. Just purchased this Sony CD alarm clock and I have to say most reviewers are right on target. While it has superior sound 
Miracle product!. I ve owned a pair of these speakers for several years. I have been and continued to be amazed at the sound quality these very cheap speakers provide. 
Hot audio product!. After all the hype on-line about the T-amp, I had to check it out for myself. All the reports are true! This is one hot little audio 
Sabrent TV Tuner, Video Capture Card. I received this product on time and in good condition  
Nice Wall Mount. This Wall Mount works and hold s great. I used it for an Olevia 542I LCD Flat Panel and have had no problems. The instructions are not 
Just like real photos. If it had a faint logo on the back like real photo paper no one would know the difference! This paper and the Epson Stylus Photo 
HDMI Cable. The HDMI Cable makes a great addition to the new Plasma TV. Delivery was fast, I will continue to shop on Amazon  
Value for money. Excellent product for the price. Efficient, not too heavy to carry around. Slight hum on the voice track and dependance on remote. These minor points notwithstanding, an 
performance and price intersect. Wow!! What a VD gift for myself. The HK 3480 matched to Polk speakers. The receiver is plenty powerful enough for smaller listening environments. Multi-inputs and 
Panasonic HDMI Cable 4.9 ft. Excellent product, excellent price. Used to pass 1080i p to my 56 Panasonic dlp. It does so perfectly. Ignore the hype around expensive, so called 
Great Mouse A True Value. I am very happy with this mouse. Easy to install! I have not had a lot of other mouses but it is a major improvement 
excellent value. this is the 2nd set of pro pedals I ve owned. Strangely the price actually went down from 10 years ago. Excellent feel, great value and overall qualit 
Just buy them! The Holy Grail of my earbud search. I bought and returned just about every earbud that Best Buy sells. I was never happy with the bass. Yes, 
Monster at the top of its game... Monster has always had the reputation to being the best in quality for their products... When you think of wires, you cannot help 
Suprised. I have owned this product for about two weeks or so. The first few times I was out in traffic ,I really thought it was broken because it very 
What A Difference. After careful research I just bought this printer. Returning to photography in the digital age after years in the darkroom as a kid. I printed on a 
Altec Lansing IM510 Sansa Speaker System. Great sounding speaker system for the Sansa MP3 players. Like the fact that it works with AC or 4 AA batteries. Volume control on 
Hand Strap E1. Alot Better Then Wrapping The Neck Strap Around Your Arm Or Hand...It Really Depends On What Kind Of Photography You Do. I Shoot At Night Clubs And 
mini disc player. very easy to use piece of machinery. Easy to record from CD to walkman. The sound is great and the earplugs are very comfortable. Great for traveling 
Good Price. I got a three pack for my new Sony Handycam. The price was great and I didn t have to pay for shipping  
Better than expected.. I was originally skeptical of purchasing this mouse, simply because I always hated the size of a notebook mouse. They just felt tiny and akward in my 
Just the headphones I needed. I needed headphones that stayed put no mater what I swim and these do the trick - butterfly is no longer a out of the 
Great product. It s the fastest and most realiable SD card I ever used. I heard SanDisk has released a newer one that s even faster, but this one is 
Good hand heeld SSB radio. According to other reviews, this radio compares favorably with others in its price class.As a ham radio operator I can say I am very happy 
Review of Stereo. It was missing the FM antennae. But I was not intending to use the system for the radio. Overall, it is a great system!!Walt - Illinoi  
Nano Speakers. Most adequate, a good 300 bucks cheaper than the ones yiou can tell the difference in sound from.  
great to conserve space. two of these jewel cases equal the size of a regular cd case. buy them and conserve space. there great  
nice style, low price!. I love the yellow stripes and overall look, and the price is really low, and all the pockets are on their place. ...or maybe it s 
Works pretty good!. The build in G card on my laptop run regular G band card, and it works fine, but occentionaly it choke a little bit when I was 
an absolutely beautiful radio with a rich clear sound. My boom box ran out of steam and I wanted to buy a small table top radio to listen to NPR. 
Goodbye greedy telcoms!. This phone works great for me. The only negatives would be that the volume does not go very loud, and the battery time should be longer. Also, 
Sony Bean. I just ordered the second one for our family. It s the 3rd Sony MP3 player to join our househould. They ve been very dependable, and they re 
The best drive I have ever owned. Also at an awesome price. I am going to buy another one just to keep in case the one I have needs to 
Book stand. I was kinda concerned in regards to the price of the book stand, and from the pics it looked like it was a flimsy piece of plastic, but 
How it works.. Hmmm.. I need new batteries..15 minutes later..Hey, I have batteries!Not noisy, quick and easy LED for determining when it s charged. Quick and easy. Highly recommended  
great sound. great sound for a unit of this size and price range, 5 speakers including a nice bas  
Excellent External Drive. I plugged it in and that was all I had to do! it works great  
Good mike!. I use this mike for home karaoke practice and it works great. It has good directional properties which greatly minimize feedback. I recommend it highly. It is a 
Good value memory you can get for a low price. This one was purchased for my pocket pc, have been storing files, pictures and more important, my recordings. Clearly it 
Sleek and Practical. I ordered this from Amazon after checking it out in a store and on the Salamander website. Has great features - finally a system that lets you 
Great value. With a price here on Amazon far better than some of the brick-and-mortar stores, this was an easy purchase to make. My car has unusually large cupholders yet, 
Fine product and very quickly delivered. Very satisfied!. I am definitely most pleased with my purchase the price and quality  
Great sound; horrible cord. I ve had a pair of EX71SL s for over a year, and the sound is great. The bass is pronounced and is probably not suitable 
Compare to others, then buy this !. I did a bunch of research before i bought the a2. The things that sold me on it were :1. Battery life.2. It 
Solid pop filter, strong enough gooseneck. This is a solid pop filter, especially for the price. I bought it to use for my StevePavlina.com podcasts. My first couple podcasts were 
Good product. Have had this for almost a year now.Pros:The battery life is good.FM radio and recording.Video out.Removable batteryCan also double as a portable hard disk for photos during travel 
As advertised. Nothing much to report. They were as advertised and fulfilled my need  
Great Paper. I am currently working on my architecture portfolio to send out to potential employers and this paper is the only one that I will use. It is amazing 
GigE switch that is both FAST and QUIET. Like so many other small home office users, I have recently upgraded my network to 1000mpbs to help increase productivity. Unfortunately, I 
Wroks well. It is not a mobile freezer by any means, like the ther reviewers had hopes for, but it is cool and it works pretty well, plus it is 
M ATX D101ggcl. This procedure of searching purchasing components for a particular box is efficient over doing the Bricks n Mortar actual viewing purchasing the devices.This individual review seems to 
Finally.... Power and Quality meet a low price. The Logitech Z5500 speaker set is one of the best deals around... You get all of the features and benefits of a 
Good Rear channel speakers for the price. I bought these speakers with skepticism- but I satisfied with the output For God sake they carry 2 .5 drivers how do you 
Great Product!!!. This product only has two flaws:1. Attracts a lot of lint dirt outside inside of case.2. Plastic cover over screen creates a bubble so display is somewhat tricky 
Great LCD, Great Price!. I have to say that this LCD Monitor is beyond my expectations.The TV I had before this was a 2200 Hitachi 42 HDTV Plasma and I 
Great speakers, and great price. I reviewed a LOT of speakers before purchasing these. In fact, I agonized for six months over which speakers to buy for my family room, 
Cobra PR 5000. I have both Cobra and Motorola 2ways Radios Before. Cobra Features are better than Motorola and the PR 5000 is the best Radio for 15 Miles Rages. 
Great Protection. Both my wife and I own the Toshiba Gigabeat. Hers is an F10 and mine is an F20. My brother also owns one. His recently got scratched up 
Perfect for my needs. I got this for my baby s room. I was worried about the sound quality as per the other reviews, but it s quite good though 
Great Product, No Regrets. My brother has the Netgear WG511T Super G 108 PC Card for his notebook and it works great. So after I thought my Dell notebook internal 
Great Portable Speaker for my nano G2. I got the MiniBlaster G2 for Christmas and I ve already put it to greatuse. I took it snowboarding with me. It s 
Works Very Well. This two-part cleaning solution worked great. I had excess thermal gunk on my CPU from the stock fan and thermal transfer paste, but the first solution dissolved 
very good small radio. This is a very good radio, well-built, acceptable reception by considering its size and price. The quality of the sound is great. It also shows time 
Cuisinart ICE-50BC Ice Cream maker. I have been using this ice cream maker since June-2006. It makes very good ice cream and it is very easy compared to other ice 
Sony MDR-V300 Monitor Series Headphones. These simply are the best headphones that I have ever heard!I bought these to go with my Ipod. I don t like the fact of 
Everything was great. Everything was great...I got the it, I have it, it works...Nothing bad to say  
Worth the extra money. If you re like me, you are probably wondering if these little cables are actually worth the money. I was using cheap thin wired connections before, 
Believe the hype: I m glad I did - great turntable. I got this to transcribe five albums from my college a cappella group. The problem was, they were in 
Convenient, and great for us big-handed folks!. This controller is absolutely phenomenal. Not only is it wireless, but it corrects my only gripe about the Microsoft S-Controller:I m 6 3 
I am very pleased. These speakers are very good especially for the price. I can use them outdoors when the weather is nice and I haven t had any problems 
Brand Name vs. Recycled?. I am all for recyling items for our environment, however, I have had several bad incidents of low quality recycled toner cartridges. Because of this, I 
Excellent. This bag fulfilled all my expectations and needs for a laptop bag. Although it lacks in storage space it has excellent protection, stlye and quality. The sleek and professional 
Good sound quality. The sound quality is pretty good on these headphones. The cord isn t exceptionally long, which is good for me because I use an iPod armband and 
Good for the price. Good clear picture,overall a good television. Drawbacks: speakers a bit weak and only has a single RCA game DVD audio port no stereo option from these 
Great product; Great price. This item just arrived today and so far it s serving me well. Now I have to get used to grabbing my stereo remote when I 
Still works. I ve had this device for two years. Just today I sent it through the wash cycle of my laundry not on purpose . The thing still works!! 
Worked as expected -- pleased with purchase. The Reader worked as advertised. I m very pleased with the purchase..  
It does the job. This stand raises my monitor to the prefect height. I have my 15 MacBook Pro on a laptop cooler inside the stand. If you use your 
Panasonic TH-50PX600U 50 Plasma HDTV. The picture and sound are outstanding. The cable card does not work, after three attempts by my cable company and a firmware update sent from 
IPAQ RX5915. I love this unit. It is easy to use and very helpful. I was concerned that the unit would not get a good signal inside the car. I 
fair deal. i love it but i ts a little bit expensive cuz does t have FM radio  
Perfect for LCD monitors!. It looks slick and takes up minimal space on your desk. Comes with eight stackable risers. You put two at each corner it jacks up your 
Dog loved it.... These are great in ear buds that have some noise canceling properties. They are great to use out doors when doing chores around the house. In fact 
Great Cable. This cable works great and is fraction of the cost of the others. Do not waste your time and money on the name brand rip off s.  
Great bag on its price range. I bought it for my Inspirion 6400 and fitted perfectly, plenty of room and pockets even to carry documents and or books, very sturdy 
The Archos 604 exceeded my expectations. This is an amazing little product. Bought it here at Amazon best price plus I had a 25 bonus coupon from using my Amazon 
one point against. the PIP does not allow to watch one tv channel in the main screen and a different one in the PIP scree  
Great deal. These CDs are a very good deal, on sale now for an unbelievably low price. Grab some, and make two backups of everything you need to save!  
Worth the . Sound quality is very good and they do have noise canceling properties. Would definitely buy again  
excelente con los sports!. esta television esta bellisima. la calidad de la imagen es buenisima. me quedo impactado cada vez que veo una nueva. como los mtv award, el discovery 
Great Headphones. I bought these after buying and returning the high end v-moda earbuds. I actually prefer the sound of these to the ones that I returned. Sound is crisp 
I like it !!!. A good little recorder. An updated version of an earlier model which I used alot!!!The AC adapter is a nice add-on too  
execellent. fits perfectly, low profile, black doesn t stand out. No noise when turning. Just what i wanted  
Lots of storage space. I was very pleased with this laptop backpack. It has ample room for my widescreen laptop and lots of pockets and places for storing items both 
Better than the first shuffle. I bought the first shuffle when they first came out and was reluctant to buy a new one - even though it was cute and 
IOGEAR GCS62 MiniView Micro KVM Switch. Very easy to set-up. No problem with the audio that other reviews mentioned. I would highly recommend it  
Perfect Trip Companion. I bought this device for a last minute trip from Wisconsin to California. I made the trip in 3 days and this Garmin Street Pilot was a 
Best to buy original HP. I bought a refurbished cartridge and it didn t work.Best to buy original HP cartridge whether you buy it from Amazon or a private individual 
It s Bose. 1 8 Woofer woof .2 2 Tweeters offset .And that s just 1 speaker.Double that and you have the best shelf speakers in the business.I just upgraded 
Great alternative to captive accessories; more flexible. I ll never buy a branded power adapter from the laptop original manufacturer anymore. I like having an extra plug - one to 
HDMI connection. Works great. Simplifies hookup of DVD to TV. Like the length as I can roll out my big screen without pulling out plugs. Would buy again  
Amazing Sound and Good DVD Picture Quality. Below is my experience with this product after owning it for 2 weeks.Pros:-----1. Amazing sound especially when watching DVD movies2. Very good progessive 
Buy It. I couldn t find this adapter locally, so I turned to Amazon.com. Naturally I found it. The price was right, I received the advertised rebate, and the product 
Great for 5G...iSkin Compatible too!. This dock is awesome! Looks great--has grey trim that matches white iPod s click wheel. I even think it looks better than Apple s new 
works great!. This cable is a perfect USB to Parallel adapter! All I had to do was plug it in, and it worked on the first try  
Top-notch Plasma mount. I researched this one up the wazo till I went crazy!First I figured out I only needed a flat mount and not the one with the tilt 
Good value memory you can get for a low price. This one was purchased for my pocket pc, have been storing files, pictures and more important, my recordings. Clearly it 
Awsome gamepad. I bought this game pad to replace my logitech wingman rumble pad and it works great and its alot better than the wingman rumble pad.I highly recommend this 
The best in Cyclometer, GPS and Training Unit all in one!!. Wow! What a great product!! I use this on both my road and mountain bikes. Excellent GPS unit that 
Slim Jewel Cases. They are great for putting DVD s, CD s in. They arrive in great condition  
CHEAP SOLUTION BUT COST VARIES WILDLY. I purchased a pack of these memorex sleeves or a memorex version very similar to these at Circuit City without first looking at the 
Good quality HDMI Cable. This was my first HDMI cable and have since purchased several others. It s been my experience that the high prices of HDMI cables are a 
IM7 bag. I found this bag to be worth the money. It fits well and is well made. I only wish there were more zippable holes in the front so 
Good Turntable. I bought this turntable to change vinyl into CD s.The turntable is excellent, very easy to put togather and easy to hook up to your computer. The program 
Stick with the original. I have tried generic ink to save a few bucks. The color is not always right if you get a generic ink replacement. Stick with the 
Very good but it has little problems. I got this card last month and I ve been using it heavily. Its been great. Its sturdy and can has great range. 
Excellent service, price, delivery speed and product satisfaction. This was an easy place to shop will no bothersome hassels. I got a great price and my product was delivered quickly. 
Good product, good price. Ultra II gives very good speed to make sure your camera isn t waiting on memory.  
Excellent scanner. I bought this item, since I always make a lot of notes from books and other papers, and don t want to type it in manually anymore. This 
Not bad for the money. I was going to return this GPS, because it got us lost twice on our trip. If you pretty much know where you are going, 
ISkin ProTouch Macbook Pro Artic. Great fit keeps crumbs and all debrie from entering into the keys of your keyboarddon t leave your keyboards open for drinks, crumbs, etc  
Zalman ZM-RS6F 5.1 Surround Sound Headphones. I hope in the future they get less bulky but overall good sound and Cheap I fugured surround sound headphones would be more expensiv 
Perfect for clumsy people with PDAs. I ve killed two Palm devices in the past by shattering their screens. Thankfully, both were hand-me-downs, but I was determined when I got 
Value Ram For My Budget PC. I have an eMachines T3104 and decided to upgrade to Windows Vista Premium. I had already changed the CPU to a full AMD Athlon, 
Fantastic picture quality, limited features, great price. This home theatre projector is going to make a lot of converts this year and turn the projector market on its ear. There 
Cheap sound!. Couldnt think of a title but these headphones, for the price are a steal! Noise reducing is an understaement i can t hear anyhting else in my office 
Looking for the best? Look no further. I develop DVDs for my customers and used to purchase DVD case inserts in bulk. Then I tried Memorex s product and was 
Great Radio & Alarm Clock. Great sound, sound almost as good as the bose system.  
Very Good Product. This product comes in handy if you are traveling at all. The speakers fit snugly into this carrying case. There is a little bit of room in 
No Cords, Great Range, Sweet Design. I have owned the Logitech Wireless Headphones for a little over 3 months now and so far have had no breaks or cracks in 
Great sound ...but not blown away. First off, I am comparing the 485 s to the OEM iPod earbuds for reference.On first impression, these sound really great -- a major 
still waiting for an answer. The price and performance comming out of the box are just fine. What dissapointed me, was a lack of complete instructions. I replaced a CRT 
Very good paper. This is great paper for photos! For those not using a Kodak printer which are also very highly recommended , the extra length is not a problem 
Midland 75-785. I bought this as a replacement for my fullsize cobra unit that was &quot;borrowed&quot; from my car without my knowledge. Overall I really like this unit. It is 
THIS IS AWESOME CABLE!. This Optical Digital Audio Cable was awesome,I hook it up on my DVD player to my DOLBY DIGITAL DTS receiver and WOW! I get full digital 
Excellent Audio System. This system is just what I wanted. It is small, powerful and easy to us  
Great. I recently ordered this to finally upgrade from an old 17 CRT. And i have to say this LCD is awesome. The clarity is the best i have seen 
comfortable fit and good bass. I keep trying different earbuds trying to find some that are comfortable and have a good sound. I have a rio and a new IPOD 
magellan roadmate 800. I took my magellan on vacation last week. It was great to punch the restaurants icon while driving down the freeway and know what was where and 
Easy to install, easy to work with. We purchased this card, plugged it in to our Windows XP Media Center Edition computer a Dell and it just worked. Because this 
Logitech QuickCam Communicate STX Review. The product was delivered in a couple of days. I upgraded a PC camera that I have had for a number of years and as 
Great monitor. This monitor has been great so far. It s wide-screen, really thin, and has a sharp picture  
Great Printer!. If I were to have one mid priced printer, the R1800 is the one. From text to 13 X19 prints in one package. I use the printer primarily 
The Perfect Corded Mouse. This mouse gets the job done without a lot of bells and whistles. The price was unbeatable. I know b c I tried. The design is 
Quick n Easy. Saw what I wanted.Clicked buy. Entered payment.Got it a few days later.Installed it minutes out of the mailbox.Works as described.Good transaction  
Wow. This is a great tv! I love it! Great picture, great sound, what more could you ask for??  
This is a good case. I have purchased this laptop case in Amazon and used it for 2 weeks. This is a good case, spacious enough to hold a big 
Great radio, Fantastic price!. This review is for the silver model @ 35.00. I could not belive the price & had to get one & see what was up. I 
Belkin AP20800-10 8-Outlet PF30 PureAV Home Theater Power Console. I have this console for protection of master bedroom 40 LCD Samsung 1080p HDTV and Denon surrond sound 7.1 home theater 
Awesome equipment!. Bought this thing out of desperation. Was getting a low level background hiss running the mixer through the sound card and at my wits end bought this interface. 
Cheap, reliable 24-pin DVI-D cable. This is item 29527 on CablesToGo s website sorry, Amazon doesn t let me paste the link . The price on their website is 40, 
must have. Connect your computer to your television for 20. If you own a 12 Powerbook, you must have this. Period.  
Look No Further!!! Really!!!!!!!!!!!. I, like many other people that have written reviews here, researched the purchase of an MP3 player in great detail. Other members of my family own 
OUTSTANDING PERFORMANCE-Great Ease of Use. Right from the moment I plugged the unit into the cigarette lighter of the car parked inside the garage with the doors shut I was 
great price, great ipod holder. Way more affordable than what is out there. Fits ipod nano snuggly and adjusts nicely. Great for runners  
Very good performer for a low-budget system. I had purchased the Samsung HP-S4253 Plasma TV and eventually chose this theater system for it. I was replacing my 2-channel Paradigm speaker 
Sofisticated unit...but unsure of quality. Very sofisticated electronic unit...have it hardwired into my Maxima and use the coiled cord in my Tacoma...however the only voice alert that works is for 
Reliable and fast. I have been using this 256MB card for an year now on two of my Canon digital camera and a Casio PDA. It has always been reliable 
A must-have for all TI Calculator Graphing Calculators. This is a must have for all Texas Instruments Graphing Calculators. I like adding games to my calculator to use when I 
pretty good. I have had this for about a year and it has worked well. I specifically bought it to tune into radio, so I have not used the CD 
Good grip, but hey...! just for big cameras only... I bought htis accessory because I do not fancy pretty much the neckstrap. I hate to feel my neck aching after 
Great Gadget. This is a great add-on to the Archos, but why did it have to be external, why not have the connections as on-board equipment  
Excellent Wireless Camera. I am absolutely pleased with this cameras ability. I have been a security technician for over 6 years now and install cameras as well as security systems, 
No Surprises. Thus far I have been pleased with the receiver. It performs as expected.However, I ve not tried every function as yet. At some point we ll try HDMI 
MAC USER: OS 10.3.8 Good out of the box!. Plug and play. Just wanted to tell the Mac people that this is good to go. THey have drivers for earlier 
Great player at a reasonable price. A very good player at a very reasonable price.  
I m going to buy an extra as a backup pair!. My problem with headphones in general is that ear buds fall out when I move around, and regular headphones 
Portable A.L. MP3 player pack. Overall quality is great. Access to removing and inserting the IM7 is a bit tight. It has a zippered pocket on the end for storage 
Good basic portable CD Player & Radio. For the price and the size, this is exactly what I was looking for. The sound is good, not excellent, but that is 
Great for Small Mid Size Room. This was my first Home Theatre purhase to go along with my Samsung 40 inch LCD, Scientific Atlantic Cable Box DVR, PS2, and DVD 
Great Tv for a great price!. I spent a good 3 weeks reviewing TV s. I wanted good performance, size and loads features and I didn t want to pay 
First Online Buy. I love it!. I was pretty scared that I would not recieve it because it was my first buy online and everything, but I recieved a day 
Great phone for the price. I don t know what higher priced phones offer, but this one sure fills the bill. One thing of note is that the Caller ID 
Excellent HDTV antenna. Does exactly what it s supposed to do. I live 30 miles from the stations and have a good amount of tress surrounding my house, but I 
This is exactly what I wanted!. I needed a cd player for my 4 year old granddaughter s room. I wanted simple and inexpensive. I was thrilled with my purchase 
Good cable. The cable itself is great. Very flat and easy to hide. The speaker connectors that came with it aren t that great. They are not extremely easy to 
Media Cabinet. The design of the cabinet is fantastic and fits all the video and audio equipment. It was a bit difficult to put together, but at least the instructions 
Works Great. Great for if you are not near a computer and need to charge your Ipo  
excellent & affordable. An affordable item that works! After several bad run-ins with a cassette adapter that will play my 60 gb video ipod . I finally came upon this 
The original and still the best. If you re looking for a great wah pedal, look no further. You really don t need all the extra knobs and stuff, this 
Good Buy!. I ended-up buying this somewhere else and may have spent a few dollars too much, but... I heartily recommend this television. We are very pleased with the picture 
reliable external hard drive. I already had a LaCie 160BG USB2 external hard drive that I have been very happy with. I have used it with a few different computers 
Cant go wrong with Swiss Gear...ever. Basically, This backpack is all that I need in a back pack. Very well padded, very roomy, fits an HP Pavillion dv8000 17 laptop. 
Swiss Gear Maxxum Notebook Computer Backpack. Great backpack, computer is suspended in a pocket in the middle of the pack, not against your back. BUT it is too small for 
Great batteries at a great price. Excellent value -- these batteries are just as good as name brands for about half the price. If you use a lot of AA 
great for school!. i brought this recorder in the beginning of my semster for my class. it is wonderful. i loved it so much. the voice is so clear after 
excellent value for the money. I have been playing guitar for years and I bought this toy drumset for my kid. When it showed up, I hooked it up to 
Macally USB 2.0 & Firewire Ext. Storage Enclosure for 2.5 HDD. Excellent product to store any kind of data. Transfer fast and it does not need an external electric input. 
Immediately Impressed!. After ruining another pair of over-the-head headphones, I decided to check these out. They are actually on sale at 50 off, and I ve just tried mine out. 
A Very Well designed Unit. The Kensington pointer is half the price of competing units but better designed and functions better than others. The case is sturdy, has a no-slip 
Love it. So many parents, I believe, don t care if a toy is educational. They just want a quiet object for their child to focus on so that it 
Correcting some factual errors. I agree with the general contention of the above two reviewers that a fairer price for this cable would be around 50-60, rather than 100. However 
Very Pleased. We just received the system and it is a great fit for our bedroom. It doesn t take up much space needless to say and the sound quality 
Almost Perfect. We love our Canon SELPHY CP510 Compact Photo Printer, even if the supplies might be considered pricey. The 4x6 prints are clear, water resistent and permanent. Although this 
Excellent! Fast delivery even though deployed in Iraq!. Fast delivery even though deployed in Iraq  
Didn t realize how worn out my old ones were!. After 8 months of thinking, these foam inserts that came with my E3c s will last forever I broke down 
I LOVE this thing!!. Works like a champ!! I m having a lot of trouble with nonprofit groups calling to fundraise. Repeated calls to their membership offices yielded no relief 
Great Product for a decent price... So far it has been a great experience, I conect my unit to the TV and I take it with me when I travel. 
MAC Compatible. I bought this burner to try in my Powermac G4 450 Sawtooth. At the time I was running OSX 10.3.9. Right away I was able to rip and 
Runs great, no problems. First after reading most of the reviews I have to say that gigabit does not speed up your network. It will not allow you to transfer 
Sturdy plastik circural kit, making speaker installation a breeze. This is a very good way to install speakers. You must be sure, of course, that JBL SP8C In-Ceiling Speaker is 
Unbeliveable Deal. I found this bag at another store and am almost embarassed by what I paid for it 36 fantastic product. I am a Road Warrior Technician and this 
good solid easy to use cb. Good mid range cb for intermediate user--- great features and speaker placement  
Great tv!!. I ve only had this tv dvd combo for about 2 months but I love it so far. It has everything that I want, a great dvd player, 
Product desciption could be more specific. I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you must plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m 
Excellent product, and I received it free!. This is a great product, and you can get it, along with any other products on Amazon up to 500 Free! Participate in 
Pioneer PD-F1009 301-Disc Changer. I bought The Pioneer PD-F1009 301-Disc Changer as a replacement for a Pioneer unit that held 100 Cd s. I found the unit very easy to 
Couldn t be happier. This is a really great TV for the price and a DVD and video player too! I can t think of a single complaint except maybe 
Excellent SD card at great price. I have several Sandisk products USB Compact Flash and SD, have been purchasing thier flash cards since the early days 10MB & 15MB cards 
Great TV. This is a great tv, especially for the price. It has nice quality and is very aesthetic. It is very easy to set up and isn t heavy. 
Great Value, Good Sound... Sony makes some of the best headphones. I paid a bit more for these 3 years ago, they last a long time. The foam pads fell 
Great portable CD player connection. I bought this cable to connect my portable CD player to my new receiver, since I wasn t up for shelling out the cash for 
Excelent product. I used to have a 512mb pendrive that I carried along and a 40GB HDD for mass storage but with this 8GB USB pendrive, I can forget about 
Great product. I bought this memory card for my camera sd500. At first, I was very dispointed when I only see 1gb on my laptop. After googled around, I realized 
Cut the cables. I use this card reader with a Simpletech 256 MB SD card and my Canon SD10 Digital Elph . The card lives inside my laptop, and it 
Keeps going and going and going!. Like a certain bunny we all know, these cartridges keep going. I don t even trust my ink indicators any more. They say empty, 
It s ok. Sound and software is good. Windows XP SP2. In linux i don t prob  
great speed as well!. I got this with my new canon elph and man both combined together are super fast. Seems perfect! Glad I got it  
so far so good. I ve had this player for about 2 weeks - so far so good. It holds a lot of music. It s been easy to work 
Zune Home Pak Review. Everything in this package serves it s purpose. I suggest this pak to anyone who already has a home stereo system. Instead of buying a separate 
HD70 - Great Value Projector. Recently bought an Optoma HD70 and I m really happy with it so far. The image is sharp, colors are bright, and its ready to 
I have wall plugs everywhere, as well as cords. This is a great solution to both. It allows you to hide cords for certain electronics if the plug is behind 
Great for this price. Simply great, great picture , easy install, beautifull design, and all for this price ...  
Memorex Always Delivers!. I use Memorex and Sony for all my master DVD CD projects and I have never been disappointed by the quality of sound that I receive. Really, 
Excellent, brings stereo to the screen porch!. For the past 9mos. these speakers have performed as expected. Their rich bass is great for listening to CD or simply a football 
Good and wonderfully portable for the price. I bought these speakers so that I can easily listen to music of my own choice ipod hook-up at work and when traveling. 
Just as good as the more expensive ones. The title of this review pretty much says it all. Since they re all made in China anyway, why would you want 
Microsoft Wireless Optical Mouse. pretty standard mouse I think.Reciever on the floor and mouse on the desk and it has been working fine, no faults as of yet  
Great Speakers and I am a recovering audiophile . I bought these to use with my desktop computer system. I had a spare Paradigm subwoofer, so I added that to 
Everything for a home theater control and more!. So you want a home theater. Your wife says yes if you can hide that hideous stack of black boxes. Sounds simple. 
This thing is great. I kept having near-misses with my new Macbook so I bought this keyboard protector. I like the feel it gives the keys and I feel much 
Works for me. I d had quite a few previously viwed DVDs that had scratches. As a result, my DVD player would freeze. This product fixed a couple of DVDs 
USB Flash Drive. I bought this to replace another USB that stopped working. It s very easy to use. I ve had no problems with it  
The headphones are great... the microphone stinks. I was really trying hard to love this headset because the sound is awesome. But and this is a big BUT - I 
this buds for you. I have had mine for over 2 1 2 years. Im a painter I work with lots of loud machines all day, from my paint sprayer 
Excellent player at a good price!. Spent the holidays at the hospital Christmas & New Year s and got this as a present, let me tell you... It was a 
Worth the extra money. The optical cable for the AirPort Express makes a huge difference in sound quality when compared to the analog cable that comes with it. Now I 
Good product and easy installation. For the last few years, I have had a cluttered counter with a large CD-radio player sitting on it. Upon receiving my new under-counter Sony 
For less than 5, its worthy of 4 stars!. My cheap 6 maxell earbud headphones that I used to listen to my German language lessons on my computer recently died. 
Works Great. Bought this to use in my company fan and it works great. Good FM signal, nice display of the frequency selected & I also plug in a portable 
GREAT ITEMS STILL!!!. Compared to the technology and color screen palm pilots and handsprings of today, THis is truley a classic and lasted long! IT s a great item for 
helps keep the shredder working. my shredder was slowing down, as soon as I used it my shredder started working properly again  
super projector. I am very happy with this projector,this is my 4th and the very best one  
Works better than I anticipated!. My setup:- Dell Latitude PP01L Intel chip - Win XP Pro- D-Link DI-624 Wireless Router with two walls inbetween the laptop and the antenna - 
A first time DigiArtist. I love this Tablet, It s just like working with the real thing with out all that mess, just got to get used to it, I 
Creative Zen Rapid Car Charger. Works like it should. No problems. Recommende  
WOW. All that info in a card smaller in area than your fingernail. Incredible. A really good purchase. Not five stars because the access speed could be better  
This thing rocks !!!!. Since I have so many CD s, DVD s and video games I wanted this for the few disks that did give me problems. My first 
Samsung HP-S5053 50 Plasma HDTV. Great picture, great price, superb & fast delivery by Amazon via EGL trucking .No complaints except for a faint buzzing sound on the plasma TV. 
Palm sized power. I had a Palm III followed by a Palm V and I was pretty pleased with both these older model PDAs. After some study, I opted for 
Love this upconverting DVD player. This little DVD player has everything I was looking for. Mainly, the upconverting functionality and optical audio output. Great bang for the buck value also 
Great Product. The sony microphone was exactly as discribed. The price of this microphone makes this a great deal for the price. If I need another microphone I would feel 
flying through sketchup. I ve been using the space navigator for 3 weeks and i m loving it. It s definately increased my productivity! It s fantastic for showing people 
Best ink for my printer. This is the correct ink for my printer. I do not buy lower priced substitutes. It was great to find this on Amazon at a 
Nice Docking Station. Awesome dock for the ipod. Vendor was great. Transaction was smoot  
Great!. I ve drawn on the computer for years using the mouse, and finally decided to try out a tablet; I will never go back to the mouse now. I 
Fast and Accurate. I received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I m very satisfied 
Worked for me... I bought a used 96 Dodge Caravan and the factory installed radio CD cassette player stopped playing CDs about a year ago. It would give me an 
LX4:Cheap Monitor or Expensive Computer Speakers. I use my LX4 2.1 system as my desktop PC speakers. I got this recommendation from Maximum PC, since the LX4 5.1 system was 
Computer tool kit. I bought the tool kit for my grandson for Xmas. He builds computers and found the tools to be of high quality and everything in the kit 
Just the right size. It s 6 long with a 12 power cord that wraps around the length of the outside and plugs into one of the four outlets for 
Monster does it again! A . I just bought a new computer and I new if I ever needed a new surge protector, monster would have what I need. This 
Good wireless mouse, but ... the reason i give this mouse a 4 out of 5 is because of a simple little detail, INTERFEARANCE !!! dont get me wrong now, 
I like it, but there s room for improvement. I initially started out with a Palm IIIxe and was looking for the same kind of robustness and stability with the 
Absolutely Wonderful. This truly was so easy to set up including programming all the wonderful features. The sound is fabulous and the unit is so compact and looks very nice. 
good, inexpensive stand. This keyboard stand is exactly what I expected it to be -- relatively easy to assemble although, there is room for improvement in the instructions , sturdy, 
Good CD Wallett. This product fully met my needs for a large capacity CD wallett  
Great for hidden components. We were putting components behind wooden doors so the RF to IR conversion worked great. It is an older model and did not have codes for 
So far, so good. So far, this networking kit is working wonderfully about 3 weeks since purchase . The installation was very straightforward, and the whole thing was up and 
Everything works, satisfied so far. Installed it yesterday, and I couldn t ask for anything better. Everything works just fine. I bought it for the radio feature more than the 
Works for me. Works for me. Bought it last week for 15 bucks. Now I see its on sale for 10 : Anyways, it does what it is supposed to 
Great video iPod accessory. Being an avid Andy Griffith Show fan, I loaded the entire first 5 seasons on my iPod for personal viewing. The cord allows me to view 
Okay so far. I ve had this for about a month, and it s working fine so far.I partitioned it to use part as a backup drive for my Mac.Standard 
Good looking and functional. This monitor stand is the perfect size for my 15 flat monitor. There is not enough room to put the speakers on the stand also, but 
Love this shredder. Spent this weekend shredding over ten years or 4 black plastic bags worth of credit card statements, bank statements, and credit card offer letters. I m a 
After 18 months of use. I threw my Panasonic system in the trash when after 4 years I tried to replace a handset only to find out it was no 
More than happy with the purchase. I had one CD in 2500 training set that would not read. The scratches were deep enough to be felt with the finger. After 
It does the job. I have a TV inside and a satellite dish outside. I needed a cable that could be flattened to fit through my patio door. This item 
Very Good Product. The Wacom Tablet works well with all my graphics programs. I have not run into any problems and so far seems like a very good product. Delivery 
I`m very satisfied about this product. No comment. Everything is OK !Regards,Cristia  
Would you let an Ape carry your camera?. Would you let an Ape carry your camera? We would...if it is this Ape :- The ApeCase TriFold Traverler is a great 
works just fine... I am pleased with the card...I was not at all pleased with the website that promised I could upgrade the size but kept refusing to lrt me.....frustrating 
Very Very Nice!. This is a very good sd card and is a great size for its value. I am using it with the panasonic sv-av20 digital cam and it 
laptop mouse. I like it, works nice. This mouse is small & comfortable on the hands  
Great product, as advertised. I used this mount to put my NIKO-OTP2011R 20 flat panel TV. It was really easy to install and came with extra screws I guess that 
Fast, but flawed. This card reader is very fast - especially with Sandisk cards. I tried using this reader with a USB cable I already had on my computer for 
Im716. Great sound quality, although the volume control attached to the wire gets in the way if you do not clip it onto your shirt. I recommend keeping the setting 
Perfect for Room Parents!. I can t believe how much this little printer has changed my way of taking pictures. Signing up to be my little girl s Kindergarten room 
GREAT SOUND. THE SURROUNDBAR PRODUCES GREAT SOUND. LIKE ALL THE OTHER REVIEWS I READ IT DOES NOT PRODUCE A 360 DEGREE AFFECT. BUT IT DOES GET THE SOUNDS TO THE 
Nice addition if you do a lot of photo enhancement. If you do a lot of photo retouching, the Graphire4 will give you a lot more control than a mouse. 
nice compact dictionary. It s a very handy tool when it comes to reading. The control is easy and it has the most updated vocabulary. It gives you examples on 
great item at an affordable price. Everything works great with this boombox nothing wrong and the sound with bass works great. Plays great quality with cd s and I love 
Perfect System. Wanted this for the new office, and it fit perfectly on the desk - looks great, and has great sound. The unit has a quality feels not plastic 
Great product. I purchased two of these items to work with my Scientific Atlanta 350HD, a Pioneer receiver, and a Sony DVD. Worked perfectly. The Scientific Atlanta requires a different 
Great Product - Good Value. This is an excellent product that does what you want it to do easily and efficiently. It is well designed so that different types of 
A very pleased Mac user. I researched this and other products online before testing machines in person at a retail store. Price wasn t my first priority, but it helped 
OK so far.... I have only used it briefly so far. The instructions seem to differ from what you actually have to do in order to burn a CD. I 
Nice Skin. The Skin is made of silicon. It is an easy fit over the ipod and also fits it snugly. Because the Mini is made much better than the 
Your Guests Leave In Awe!. When my wife gave me the green light to build a home theater, I started my intense research. It was my first venture into the 
This is great!!!!. This is a wonderful addition to my ipod. I use it to commute and it make it easier to control the functions while driving  
Optical splitter- Does the trick.... This product was the perfect solution to assist me in maintaining the premium sound quality of both Play Station Systems I have running through an 
Great cable, great price, low loss, excellent sound. I used two 12 foot cables with a coupler for a 24 foot PCM connection between my satellite receiver and my home 
A KIDS REVIEW. well to start off i got mine for christmas and have not had a problem since i have got it!the battery life is nice and the fact 
It is cool. It is a little expensive but it is worth it if it is not near your bed side  
Good value for a gigabit switch. What this switch is: Perfect for a home network with gigabit capability and on a limited budget Plug and play; AutoUplink tm - up-linking 
Factory Ink. Nothing beats the origianl Epson Ink. I got cheap and decided to buy some of those aftermarket inks and it messed up my printer fortunately, epson fixed it 
Excellent product!. I have tested slides, negatives, old photogrphs, and new photographs. I ve even scanned very old negatives that aren t quite the right size for the attachments, but 
FINALLY GO WIRELESS WITH YOUR OLD CLIE. This item gives wireless capability to Clie users, and it s the only option if you dont have a wireless integrated handheld.It is 
Best electric shave for the money. As a long-time Panasonic wet dry shaver user, I ve owned both the high end and low end shavers, including the Procurve, and found 
great cable, but overpriced. Great cable quality; the dvi connection fits snug and the screws aren t flimsy as with other cables.Would get 5 but Monster s suggested retail price 
Correcting some factual errors. I agree with the general contention of the above two reviewers that a fairer price for this cable would be around 50-60, rather than 100. However 
A lot of space at a great price. This is a great buy because I have a lot of space. I use the card on my Digital Camera and I 
Good value for money. I bought this mount after reading all the reviews on this site. I have the Vizio 37 LCD and it works o.k. with that set, but 
Great earphones!. These sound-isolating headphones are tremendously useful. I use them each morning when I jog, and they are very comfortable and the sound quality is very clear. Furthermore, I 
Great Radio. I ve been using this radio for a few days now and really like it. It s above average. Forget the guy that says it has cheap knobs, 
I can t believe I printed it at home..... WOW! That is the only description I had as my first 13 X 19 print rolled off this printer. I printed 
Great product!. Good job making a sturdy case that does not add too much bulk to a very thin device. My major fear was that this would make my 1955 
Power anything with in reason . I bought this power supply because the breastpump that I used did not have a car adapter. Instead of buying a new breastpump, this 
Great system for your office or living room. I needed a small system for my office. I wanted removable speakers, good sound at all volumes and a sleek look. This 
More work and mess, but worth it for the popcorn lover. The biggest issue of this popper is that unpopped kernels tend to fly out of the container, like hot 
fellows wrist rest. Bought it because my wrists and hands get tired quickly. I have a 2-level desk. In order to see what I d typing, I had to lean 
Video Express met my needs. Great product for getting all those old home videos on DV  
Exactly what I wanted quickly. I ordered this product and it arrived 2 days later. It is genuine Canon ink for a great price. I will definitely buy at amazon.com 
Great cooling Fan. I looked at serval models of cooling fans and I might have spent a little more on this one but boy was it worth it. I haven 
Excellent. I bought it in Feb 2006, never had any problem. Occasionally it stops working and just restarting both the units sender and receiver fixes the problem. I am so 
Beyond my expectations. I must admit I was very weary of buying this product. I had first bought something similar not brand name in a local Best Buy and was 
It would get 5 stars if less expensive. I have both this stick and SanDisk s 256 MB Pro. For the money the SanDisk is a better deal. If you 
Why spend more?. Got this in 2 days thanks Amazon . Works as flawlessly as the high-speed Sony version, but at about 1 4 of the price!Using it on my 
Just what I needed for my Sony W300i... This card is sweet...it works great with my Sony Ericsson W300i. I didn t need to do anything to set it up. 
Chillin & blastin. So this controller looked pretty sweet to me so I bought it over a rumble pad. I liked the idea of fans for wicking away sweat, as 
Mocrosoft Ergonomic wireless mouse. I found out about the ergonomic mouse and bought it base on reviews on Amazon. I was in pain by mid afternoon in my busy season 
Wonderful little headphones, great stocking stuffer . I listen to books on tape and carry my mp3 player and earbud phones with me in my purse. The wires from the 
You gotta get one of these. As you might already know, the TiVo service is great. I ve recently upgraded my TiVo to the wireless g internet always on connection. 
Best of both Worlds. I purchased this Navman with a 2gb SD stick and it works great, which i have tons of maps and music loaded. Download sompy s and 
Great Phone. We have had this phone for about a year now. It has worked great, and we have had no problems. The only drawback is that I find I 
Panasonic RF-2400 Radio. I have an elderly mother who is blind and has Parkinson s. The big knob on this radio is a Godsend. She can easily tune and control 
Another fantastic product by Case Logic. I am not sure why this had a negative review based on somebody being too stupid and ordering the wrong item. Why slam something 
Pretty bloody good. Apart from the pen being a bit light, this is an excellent product. I wish Wacom would come out with an aluminium or a heavier pen, but 
AnalysisPros. The hardware is very good. Software is easy a bit buggy and leaves room for more control. I can watch TV on my computer with the USB2 connection and 
A well built pack with plenty of space. I picked this pack up a few months ago. Originally I was going to get a different pack from this manufacturer, the 
Sandisk xD Type M 2GB Card. This card has lots and lots of room. Data is written to it quickly. Just make sure your camera uses the M type card 
Great USB Camera & Mic combo w simple 3 minute install !. This litle unit does everything it advertises. It mounts above my flat panel monitor with a little Velcro 
Good Fan. I have never purchased a tower fan before so I have nothing to compare to, but I would say this is a good fan, not great, but good. 
Excellent Product. I highly recommend these DVD R, they burn great no coasters yet and they print well hb printable too  
Excelent condition-Deliver on time. The TV has great quality. I d recommend buying Sony although I needed to spend few more bucks  
Espon To44220CyanInk Cartridge. I did not really need the Ink cartridge -I thought I was buying 4 of them but I only got one.I supposed that this price for Ink 
&quot;Excelent Laptop Case&quot;..... The Quality is excelent and I recommend to any person that looks for a computer case with very good price and comtemporary appearance. Superior and finest leather 
I m satisfied with my purchase... Just a quick positive review so people can get a fair view. I bough this product a few days ago and have been saving 
Good Design and Reception. This directional indoor antenna is compact, good looking and works well. It improves reception noticeably.  
Quite good for the price. This little reader is fast and as easy to use as a USB flash drive. Pop in your card, plug it in, and wahlah, all 
Great AutoSwitch, very easy to use. I bought this model last year to switch between my HP Laser and Canon color ink jet. It s great -- very easy to 
It works great for any Artist. Wacom makes it so much easier for me to do graphic design with the pen. I was discouraged at firstbut once you master it 
The BASS is Booming!. Going from speakers that had no bass to some that do, what a difference!!My wife bought me Rush s 30th Anniversary DVD for Christmas and I 
A great buy. I got these speakers because the speakers on my Thinkpad are incredibly weak. I was interested in a nice pair of 2.1 speakers that would not cost 
Works very well with minor problems when synchronizing with Outlook 2003. CardScan works very well, its OCR software is almost perfect with less than 5 errors, easily corrected in a 
power charger. gives me charged cells in quick time..added advantage is the world wide voltage capabilit  
Perfect mount and antenna. I have to admit that I was skeptical of the antenna at first, but I installed it and connected it to my Sirius receiver and now 
Very fast, once you get it to work. This D-Link wireless 802.11g wireless AirPlusXtremeG adapter is amazing. The first amazing thing, is that it seems to lose your connection all 
Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio and Power Generator Red . This works fine - got it in the time promised. The only difficulty is that there is not much of 
I love it. I walked into Circuit City looking to buy a DVD. Saw this HDTV set up and operating and fell in love with it. It was a return 
Tough Little Critter. I was surprised how tough these little critters are. I got it initially because I did some travelling and needed something small and light. My 2 boys 
Held out, but now an iPod fanatic!. Yes, I was an iPod holdout until I found a good price on the 60 Gb gen 5 video iPod. Love the quality 
Monster Solution. I am the envy of my road warrior coworkers. This power strip is great due to the little room it takes in the carry on and the luxury 
Great player, prices are starting to come down. I recommend this player if you re in the market for a portable media player. I ve found it s durable, easy 
Darn near indestructible. I travel some in the US and recently have had the opportunity to travel over most of Africa and the Middle East. This bag is an ideal 
Sony Electronics. I have always had luck with Sony. This receiver has enough input output ports to include every stereo componant as well as the DVD, VCR and game console. 
Incredible Bargain. I am listening as I write. They say you need to break these cans in before they perform. They sounded extraordinary to me right out of the box! 
Great Keyboard. I have had this keyboard for over a year now and first off have to say that I do love it. I am an avid gamer but I 
Better than my old Belkin model. It s speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This 
Easy to setup and handy. Using Ubuntu Linux with a Roland SC-55 and Kurzweil piano the UM-1EX was detected by Rosegarden software with no need to use the Edirol driver 
Lexar s Pro Series is the way to go. Fast read write times are a must for me. I am pleased so far with the card  
Is almost amazing. I bought this player in December 2005,since then , this beautiful piece of technology has been working extremely well.I have no complaint about it, because I m 
Excellent Mini System!!!!. I ve had it for about 2 months already, and it has worked without any flaws. The only thing you have to be aware is to use 
Superb cost-effective scanner. If you re not sure about scanning or especially trunking, this would be a great way to experience it without spending the bigger bucks for the higher 
great item. I was at first intimidated by its size, but it was amazingly lighter then it looked. It performed very well  
Great laser mouse, but a bit overpriced. I love this laser mouse. I bought this mouse for my notebook computer, and it replaces my Targus Optical Notebook mouse with the 
Excellent. I received this product within 3 days. Drum works without a problem. Excellent service and product  
High quality pedal. The piano style pedal looks and feels like the real thing. It has weight and does not slip about the floor. The length should not be a 
Amazing LCD TV!. I bought it before two months ago! It is a so great LCD TV.Moreover, I use it as my computer monitor! It is an amazaing TV.I recommended 
thank you monster cable. I ll never forget the day I gave the order to throw away every single radio shack cable in the house  
Great expectations!. My first reason for checking out this scanner is because its made by Epson. Every Epson product I had purchased in the past proved to be great. In 
Canon S830D Photo Printer. I have the digital camera Canon Powershot S200 and just purchased this printer. Set it up last night without any difficulty and the photos I printed 
Just a tip:o . These are great inks, I use them, yadda yadda.. I m simply here with a friendly tip I just realized:If you buy them separately and make 
great device!. Very effective, soothing and helpful for back ache and sciatica. great value  
great graduation gift. I bought this for a graduate. It was everything he wanted and more. Perfect for the college student. He was excited about the area made for carrying 
A Best Buy . I ve had this TV for a month now, and am impressed with its picture, style, and the number and type of connections on the back 
Wow. Ok, so the word wow does not come to mind when you are on the subject of fans. But...... if you want to cool your case, this is a 
Garmin QUEST II GPS. I m not an old hand at GPS devices, this being the first I ve owned. I bought it in anticipation of the travelling in foreign 
Good backpack. No complaints so far-this backpack is pretty big and sturdy. It could have better organization for its compartments, ie a better-placed main compartment for the many books I 
this thing does everything. I ve been using this remote for two months now with my rather complicated A V system, and I love it. You can make this thing 
 Excellent. Excellent MP3 player by Apple, Thin and very easy to use buttons. I bought it for my son and he loves it. The itunes software allows you to 
Good card. It does what I need it to do. I needed a dual band pcmcia card for my laptop. I got this one. Absolutely no problems with it  
It works. It is much more aesthetic and handy than the product-specific remote it replace  
?Compatible with Unbox?. I haven t been able to get Amazon s Unbox player to recognize it, so I can t transfer Unbox movies to it, which is the main 
Good for the price. I bought these headphones to go with my Creative Zen Vision M. And they worked great, the sound is very clear and the bass is deep. 
Highly Recommend for the Road Warrior. What are great device. As with other road warriors, a lot of cell phone time and not watching the charge on the battery. Never 
Lexar Media 512 MB 80X. After Amazon got off there ... and decided to deliver this item, which took 2 weeks, everything has been really good. The 80X speed has 
Monster is Monster. I connected this cable to my 42 inch HD Plasma TV and ran it to a Harman Kardon AVR 240 which was ranked #1 multi-channel reciever by 
Very pleased. I was pleased with the ease of setup. It interfaced well with my 42 inch Panasonic Plasma TV as there was no issues. The room where I use 
PIONEER PD-F407 REVIEW. I really like this CD player,even without a remote.All I do is put it on,and hit the random button,and it s party time.It plays my CD s 
Simple, smart, and it works!. I purchased this as a gift for my mother who periodically complained about the excess wire that hung in front of her when she was 
Good Product. Works pretty well. Needed to run the process several times to fix my discs but they do work now. If you are doing more than one disc at 
WOW they do cancel the outside noise...lol. These earbuds work. What else can I say, I ve had no problems with them so far. They don t they fit comfortably 
SD card. The card works fine. I haven t had any problems recovering my pictures off of it. I would rate this a quality product  
Pretty good item to have. I live in the NY City area. I received the Nav One system as a christmas present from my wife. I love the system. I 
 READ THIS . This item only works with Logitech brand keyboards. From the reviews seems like the buyers have not done the proper research and Amazon description does not 
Love it!!!!!!!. I m so technically challenged, and I had no trouble figuring out this system. I already had the base unit and had to search for these handsets to 
Pete44. This is a very heavy duty mount. I installed it in about an hour. A stud finder is a must. Once I found the 16 apart studs, it wasn 
Great Optical Splitter!. This splitter is well built and compact. What more do you need? It s great  
Sirius now rocks my car & my house!. This kit works well attaching the Sirius Starmate Replay to my existing home stereo. I live in Los Angeles, so there is 
Sony TCM-929 Pressman Desktop Cassette Recorder. LOVE this recorder. I have not seen these in stores for a long time and needed a recorder to listen to some tapes I 
fully functional. What s to say? They re paper sleeves for CD s ..  
Very nice product. I ve owned this product for several months and couldn t be happier. I ve been using a sandisk memory stick with this product up until I 
Nice Remote, Nice price. Perfect for my needs, and the price can t be beat. I added all my components with little trouble  
Awsome Sound - Small Size. I tried a few center channel speakers and was surprised how great this one sounded. I ve used it for over six months in a 
worked as advertised. Well, this is a simple USB 2.0 hub. Everything worked as advertised. I had a problem when plugging the AC unit into a socket that already has 
works flawlessly. This hard drive is everything that I was hoping it d be. It s very compact, very light, and incredibly easy to use. As other reviewers have noted, 
Quiet, Fast, 3 yr Warranty. I have an aging win2k pro machine that has the C: drive on an 8 G partitian. The Sims did the computer in - we 
lightweight stero hp. just what i needed.. I have a hard time sleeping at night so I need a pair of earphones that could stand up with my constant moving 
Good student alarm clock, but lacks Smackability. As a student who takes frequent naps, this clock could have been fantastic for me. I d never heard of the idea of 
Nice Shelf System. I was a little worried about this shelf when I first ordered it, but it works great and installation wasn t all that hard, but a little 
Solid Product. I ve been using this product for months now and haven t had a single problem with it- it works as advertised. I m not quite sure what 
Very fair. Good service. My order shipped fast, just wish the price was a bit better after S & H  
Good value. The print server was very easy to set up, using the CD provided. No special training is necessary. Just follow the simple instructions. We bought it because the 
WOWZERS! Awesome sound card for headphones. If you use your headphones at all for games, DvDs, or music this is an awesome sound card specifically designed for headphone users and 
AT & T 260 Trimline Phone. The phone arrived in a matter of two days. So far so good. The phone is working in mint condition  
Good Lubricant. Keeps my paper cutter working very well. Application is as simple as it could possibly be  
I like this recorder. I have always been pleased with Sony products. This DVD recorder is no exception. It took about 20 minutes to connect the recorder to the TV. 
Headphones. This was a good buy for the price. The sound quality is good and the headphonews are comfortable. The only problem is that the battery compartment opens too easily 
Great compact stereo system. I m very happy with this desktop system. Great sound, great reception, great price  
Great Radio - Can t Wait for an HD Radio Version of this unit. This is an exceptional radio. I could go on and on about the features, but other 
Samsung LN-S4692d. This product met all of my expections, the reviews I read prior to my purchase were very helpful and correct. The picture has been perfect even though I 
Wacom is just the best. This is a great product and company. The install was free of problems and the tutorial on the CD got me up to speed in 
Premium Luster Paper. Best paper I have ever used and I ve used them all! Works great on an HP 7760 printer and gives a clean, crystalline-like finish. Very professional 
Toshiba HD-XA2 HD-DVD Player. Firstly this is my first purchase through Amazon.com. I am very pleased, the delivery was very fast and not over costly..Secondly the HD-XA2 has great sound 
No problems with this. Bought this item over a year ago and have had no problems with this card. It holds lots of pictures depending on your settings and hasn 
Outstanding sound. i had to go into my mac midi settings to configure the wire, but after that it worked perfectly. The sound quality is outstanding for such a cheap 
Not quite as good as the last Logitech mouse. I ve had my old Logitech mouse for more years than I can remember. In the past few weeks the wheel 
Muy buen producto y compatible con Linux. He usado esta memoria desde marzo de 2004 y la adquir por su compatibilidad con LINUX. Hoy da la mayora cumplen con esto, 
Works As Advertised. Let me preface this by saying that this review will be based on its relative performance in our office environment and its weight is based on workload 
Neat Cristmas Present. I bought these speakers for my husband s sound system, and they are sounding excellent. High quality for a great price  
Great Sound. I bought this for a Christmas gift for my 85 year old mother so she could listen to her favorite music from years ago. When we put a 
Great little reader. I m a Mac user OS 10.4 so I particularly like that this reader doesn t require a separate driver. Cards mount on my desktop as any 
Great and Classy. This is the best thing I have bought in a long time, is compact, classy, fast, reliable, I don t know what else to say about it. 
great price. Delivered on time in perfect shape. So far, works as it is designed. Great picture with the direct dish. Would recommend to anyone  
great walkman. You can t find too many AM FM cassette players these days. This is a very nice unit. Its compact, uses one AA battery and has a a 
great card- great price. Lots of room.. I don t have to worry about running out of pictures- even in RAW format. And a Ton of pcitures in hi-res JPEG 
Note easy to find... The 10 pack of wall mounts is exactly what it says it is. 10 plates that mount many of the Linksys products on a wall. Too 
Highly Reccomended. Very comfortable. I have small ears and still have no problems with these guys staying on while I m working out. I m very picky about my headphones 
Loud but Cool. I purchased this fan for my room b c it gets extremely hot in the summer since the A C does not reach or cool my room 
Great capacity and high quality ink. This cartridge has a pretty high capacity. I ve used it with my CX6400 printer scanner copier for the past 3 weeks and it 
A great clock radio. One of the best clock radios I ve ever owned. Even though it doesn t have atomic time the clock is set when you get hooked 
Perfect Stand for the Grand Wega. The stand is tailored to support the Sony Grand Wega TV. It s the right height to view the TV perfectly. Built in stability 
Great little power strip. This is a great little power strip that allows me to maximize the contents of my briefcase. One of the most useful things I have ever 
Worth Every Penny, But Fragile. Considering that you can get this keyboard for less than 100, I think it s definitely a great deal. It works really well. Unfortunately mine 
Works great on my Powerbook. I was a bit worried that it wouldn t work in my Powerbook 12 , 1.5Ghz but it worked immediately and installation was a complete 
We are very happy with our purchase of the Olympus Digital Recorder DM-20. We are very happy with our purchase of the Olympus Digital Recorder DM-20. Tiny, hand-held recorder, that 
Yes, it s cheap, but it works. I popped my drive into this puppy and it worked fine from the moment I turned it on and plugged it into my 
You get what you pay for!. This is an exceptional player. Easy to use. Many great features. Lightweight. Matches my experience of other Toshiba products. I recommend it  
E6600 The CPU price performance champ!. It s the E6600. This is probably the best buy out there for price performance ratio. Reportedly it overclocks well also.I do intensive video 
Toshiba MES60VK Gigabeat 60 GB. Nice little player, love the color black and silver. It only works with windows media, wma format. It comes with an USB cable that allows 
No more red lasers for me. I heard about green lasers a couple years ago from my Astronomy proffesor and thought it would be cool but i didnt want to 
Neat Little Gadget. I got this for my Razr V3xx. I haven t put too much on it yet, but once I get my stereo Bluetooth headset, I plan to 
nice mat. I like this mouse mat s two different sides. I don t really notice a difference in mouse performance on one side then the other, but they do 
Fits like a glove. The only thing preventing 5 stars is that I personally don t like the belt clip on the base  
Lithium Ion Battery for Sharp Zaurus SL-5500. After reading the reports that the SL-5500 is hard on batteries, I decided to get a backup battery. Came in very handy when 
Motorola SBG900 Wireless Cable Modem Gateway. I had tons of trouble with D-Link and Linksys losing connection and having to power cycle the router wireless AP. However, after 2 months, 
Works Well. Works well with no problems. Surround Sound 5.1 is switched and sounds excellent.  
Great pointer with all the right features, nothing more. The presenter works well both on my Mac and PC with no problems to speak of. The range of the transmitter 
Good Buy. I use these batteries when I need power immediately and I don t have a set of rechargeables ready to go. I also use them as backups - 
Great Printer. Does it all. Prints, copies, faxes. Had it almost a year and no problems. Had to call Canon once about something I didn t understand and they were 
Adorable Set of Speakers. These speakers were very adorable and a great buy. It was meant as a gift for a friend and that person loves them, since they re 
solid quality. It works great with the 2 cameras and 1 camcorder I use. It s solid and easily adjusted. It s perfect size to throw in your pocket to 
Surprisingly, it isn t a gimmick. Microphone too short, though. I needed a cheap headset with a microphone, quickly. I overnighted these and expected them to be cheaply made and 
A nice gadget. Has tons of features. I don t use many, because I just turn it on and run. Sounds great.I m always adjusting the headphones when I run 
very pleased. The radio has arrived and right from the beginning I could tell the sound was far superior to the Realistic table radio I had been using. The old 
Matrox G550 perfect for Text Edit !. With my ancient Matrox G550 card, I was reassured by its presence on the compatibility list at Samsung, and indeed it s flawless. 
Very nice. This monitor was a wonderful bargain. I got more than I paid for and am extremely satisfied  
Another Great Gift. SHE LOVES THIS ITEM AND CAN T BE WITHOUT IT, ALWAYS AT HER DES  
Video system for iPod. When I puchased this item, I wanted to replace my portable DVD player. this has done just that for me. I travel alot and this really 
Great Deal for the Price. I loved the picture of this model the first time I saw it compared to the other higher priced LCD s, it s a good 
Great Machine for a Small Price. This is a great scanner. I use it with Adobe Photoshop CS2 to repair old family photo s and the results are amazing. I 
very usefull gadget!!. its very helpfull when you manage several SD cards, its faster and very reliable!  
Excellent value for the money. This receiver provides good performance for the price. The distortion both THD and IM , signal-to-noise ratio, and other important specs are as good as 
Works great - looks great. Can t go wrong with any of the Dayton products. You just can t get any better quality for the money from any place else. 
not hifi but decent... I own Sennheiser 500 series headphones and compared them with these lower cost and more stylish skullcandy headphones. The sound quality of these is passable for 
Finally. Finally there is a hard case for compact flash cards. I went in to every in town store and couldn t find a hard case for compact flash cards. 
Couldn t be better!. Speakers sound great for the price and size. They are as described although it was difficult to tell size from the picture description . They arrived 
Seagate 100 GB Portable External Hard Drive 9W3638-556 . Very Good product easy to use  
great little quiet drive. I ve been using this little guy to backup my laptop as well as a near-line storage device, and it works great, no problems at all. 
GREAT HANDY MACHINE. GOT THIS FOR MY TEENAGE GRANDDAUGHTS FOR CHRISTMAS THEY LOVE IT SAYS IT IS SO EASY TO USE . NICE PICTURES!  
Excellent scanner. I have owned this scanner for over two months. It s sensitivity, scanning speed and clarity are outstanding. I have dropped this scanner many times on concrete and 
Canon PIXMA iP1700. The simplicity and low price and small size are what attracted me to this printer. It has served well in a clinical application which requires mainly black 
don t mail it in if the tweeter dome is damaged. Mine sounded pretty distorted. I noticed that one tweeter had a pushed-in dome not sure how it happened . 
Just Wonderful. First of all I must admit I m a TIVOLI fan. Got all the models and several of each except the subwoofer ... until now!!Today I got mine. 
Good quality printing, menus on machine a little tricky. I have had this printer for 6 months and have overall been very happy.1 Photo quality - I have printed out 
Not the advertised fan. While the two fans I ordered for a new computer build are functioning properly, they are not as advertised on Amazon s website. According to the 
great burner. I plugged the unit in, attached to USB port and it worked perfectly. DVD splayback great as well as CD s. DVD s and CD s burned with 
Great Hub. This hub takes care of old power issues I had with smaller unpowered hubs . It is handling my pda, usb jump drive, high capacity external drive, and 
memory garmin 128mb. compre este producto desde venezuela,, y la compra fue muy satisfactoria, the buy is good,  
In line with expectations. The sport of Bose bashing aside, keep in mind these are relatively small enclosures with two 2.5 inch drivers that can crate a rear sound stage 
Works quite well. Just bought this at Wal-Mart for 30. The instruction manual says it only supports 512mb and lower thumb drives. Well that s BS. It works on my 
The DEI Viper 791vx and how much fun you will have with the 2-way Remotes. I Purchased the DEI Viper 791vx security system. I did have it Professionally installed into 
Perfect Your Collection s Presentation. I bought these so my CD collection would feel complete and I am very satisfied with this purchase. Just make sure you have the Memorex 
Great picture-poor quality. I spend alot of time with tvs and get to look at alot of them im telling you you will be hard pressed to find a tv 
nice tv. its a really nice tv with vivid colors and good contrast ratio. the only problem is that it has only 1 component input and the internal tuner does 
Awesome!. I installed these under my travel trailer remove them from the brackets during transport and have been the envy of our camping group since. The sound quality and durability 
Memory at a Discount. This 2 gig card with reader was a bargain. You can get an awful lot of pictures on it. The included reader is a added bonus. 
good product. i liked this monitor a lot. the picture is good. it s also light enough for me to carry. it was easy to hook up. i have had 
HP Q2612A with HP 1012 a great combination. I ve been using an HP 1012 laser printer with WinXP Pro for over 2 years. I m getting 2,100 to 2,300 
excellent. very good product.. actually came with a bonus 8 cd sleeve to attach to a car visor for free. very happy with the produc  
Canon Pixma ip4300 Printer. As received, the printer would not work because the accompanying software would not install. Troubleshooting as prescribed in the printer manual did not solve the problem, 
Excellent quality for the money - but could be better. I bought this stereo for my baby s room. I needed something unobtrusive, with decent sound and that didn t 
low cost jumbo frame support. Good performance switch with Jumbo frame support and low hassle install. Moved up to Gigabit after my ancient FS108 switch died. More computers, more drops 
skeptic turned fan. After reading several reviews of this product I was skeptical about buying this cable. I wanted a better cable then the composite rca cables that came with 
Excellent value for blank dvds. I use quite a few dvds nd usually buy more expensive brand. this is a great valu  
Awesom Purchase. We purchased this TV in Dec of 2006. We are very happy with it. It was very easy to plug and play...had it ready in no time for 
Highly Suggest This GPS. I got a chance to borrow a friend of mine s GO 910 and I highly recommend it for people looking to get a gps for 
A GREAT Product. This is an amazing shower radio. I use it every day and it has always worked perfectly. It resists water well, has great sound quality, and gets 
Flawless USB 2.0 Hub. I got my first Belkin 7-port hub about a year ago, so this is my second one. It is absolutely one of the best things I 
Media Cabinet. The design of the cabinet is fantastic and fits all the video and audio equipment. It was a bit difficult to put together, but at least the instructions 
Excellent HD TV tuner - that is if you have a new fast laptop. I read all the negative comments from previous reviewers but took the chance and got the 
256 MB Kodak Memory Card. I love these cards as they work without having to be programmed . I need simple and easy in my life as I m not 
Canon CLI-8PC Photo Cyan Ink Tank. This is a factory sealed Canon ink tank, which is high quality to begin with. So, getting such a low price from Amazon is 
Just A Great Stand!!!. I currently have a Samsung 205bw 20 inch monitor. The stand that came with it is very limited. I have noticed in the last couple of 
Sony MDR-V300. The Sony MDR-V300 headphones are a little heavier than I expected, but they provide good sound quality and are of rugged design, with durable cable. The cable has 
Nice and Loud. When you turn up the volume on this phone, people s voices actually get loud enough! Maybe I m deaf, but this is the first phone I 
Easy to use and fast. This is very easy to use and needs no configuration. Just plug it in, attach your cables, and off you go. It s compact and 
Good Product, Great Sound, Great Price. I just recently bought a sub-woofer and I spent a good deal of time searching for an interconnect. The interconnects I looked at ranged 
Getting closer to the perfect phone. I am a certified phone fetishist. After replacing cordless phone after cordless phone, I have now found one to keep for a while. The 
No Problems At All. This unit I would have to say is a great item. All my stuff is Sony and never had problems at all with anything. One thing 
Outstanding to deal with. Excellent experience with both product and technical support.Highly recommende  
Bought this for two reasons. I suppose that most people would consider buying this to protect the camera. I originally bought it because I thought it would help me better 
Good for Canon a95. Fantastic, take all the videos and pictures you want with the best quality  
great audio quality. I use this microphone with my Olympus DM-10 digital voice recorder. The entire package fits easily in a shirt or jacket pocket. As a radio tv broadcast 
My first MP3 player, but is easy to use and does its job very well. This is an outstanding product. It is my way of using my music anywhere I 
Is almost amazing. I bought this player in December 2005,since then , this beautiful piece of technology has been working extremely well.I have no complaint about it, because I m 
Great labeler!. I bought this just before Christmas, and haven t stopped using it since. I have used it while doing my decorating to label the branches of my artificial 
My fifth Garmin GPS. Yep 5. GPS2, 3, 3 , 5 and now a 276. It would seem I am a good customer. I ride ATVs all over the back 
Delphi SKYFI CD Audio Boombox. There s not much to say about this item except it s the BOMB!It has exceeded my expectations. I am very happy I bought this 
Upgrade to iPod Earbuds. They ve already lasted me longer than any other headphones or earbuds at this price. Also comfortable and sounds good  
Does The Job. Very happy with this 3M Filter overall. It does have a couple of minor scratches & a slight bend, but these are pretty negligible. They re barely 
not bad for a cheap antenna. works as well as can be expected. i picked up 24 digital channels 8 in HD on the first try just outside of chicago. 
Yamaha YPT-200AD Electric Grand Piano. For the money, this is a very good quality instrument. Good sound and reasonably intuitive functions and features  
great computer bag for ladies. Bought this bag for my wife.Price: very reasonableLook: very sharp, nice looking bag. My wife said there are many people said her bag looks greatFunctionality: 
Pleased. Once formated this product is doing exactly what I needed - a back up for my computer. Installation could not have been easier. Instructions for doing a computer back 
Probably not fakes. It s a serious charge to suggest that these are fakes . I wouldn t judge simply by what you expect to see written on the hub. 
Best rechargeables out there. Buying some more. These batteries last longer than any other rechargeables I ve tried.  
Walkman cassette. I purchased this Walkman in order to listen to tapes while excercise walking. The case seems a little flimsy to me, but the quality of the audio is 
Great player. I just love Creative products. I have both Zen Vision M and Zen V. The Zen V 2G batteries last all day, the size is small and confortable, 
What it s designed to do, it does extremely well. I was a little hesitant about the AppleTV when it was first announced, with the unofficial named of iTV, back 
Nice Design, Good Price. Plenty of room for my Creative Zen Nano player, ear buds and spare battery. I only wish for something other than BLACK! It is easy to 
Rock On!. This unit is fantastic. Sounds great, all the bells and whistles I ll ever need  
I found these adapters to be as easy to use as plug n play. I have a newer construction home and was worried that these ehternet adapters might not be 
Works fine -- minor startup glitches and minor feature complaints. There are an awful lot of reviews out on the Web for KVM switches. Usually, more information is good, right? 
burn them... without turning back. thats right .. not even a single coaster as many others said ... I did have one. but that was coz of some other reason 
Very Fast. Ive only has this one day - purchased based on the reviews here, and made sure i received the good version! The speed in incredible, and for some 
Black Contour Showcase. This is a great way to keep your iPod safe if you are someone who tends to drop things. This case will keep your iPod safe when 
great value, but this one is not for a laptop. great valuebut the laptop version is model KVR333X64SC25 with a S before C2  
The Perfect Corded Mouse. This mouse gets the job done without a lot of bells and whistles. The price was unbeatable. I know b c I tried. The design is 
32 Samsung lcd perfect picture. the samsung I bought shows a great quality pictue. i love it  
An everyday user review. Great GPS unit that does what is supposed to do and flawlessly at that. Clear easy to read display and instructions. Menus and interface are self-intuitive 
Great sound!. I bought this speaker system for my wife s ipod nano igb. I don t personally own an ipod and didn t know much about what kind of 
Everything I could ask for. I did a bit of internet research for this, and a site devoted to luggage was RAVING about this. What can I say? They were 
excellent product. This is my 2nd multifunction printer. My previous one, which cost about the same, made by another company, had all sorts of configuration problems. Even after configuring, things 
Excellent bassic Router. This is a basic wired router that simply does what it says it will do. The set up simply could not have been easier. Very user friendly. 
Works great. Although I was skeptical, this holds onto the dash in both my Highlander and RX300. The ball attached directly to the mount that came with my Nuvi 360. 
it s all right... it was not what i was expecting... but still ok... probably 96kbps... quality... still all right for the price... but if u want something with 320kbps 
Needed a turntable for occasional use. I needed a turntable to copy vinyl to CDs. Since this is a one shot venture I didn t want to spend a lot 
The best Targus with the best Dell . After having used a Targus Notebook Case for two years, with excellent results,with a NEC laptop, I decided that the next Leather 
Great for Tivo and with PC s that don t have anymore open card slots. Fast setup with my toshiba brand tivo unit.also with my old win2000 PC that did 
Great Sound IF you can find the right fit. I purchased my pair and received them this past Monday, after using them for a day I came to the conclusion 
Magic. XM was the only alternative when the last Classical FM station in South Florida was turned into a Hip Hop station. I love the service all except for the 
Perfect System. Wanted this for the new office, and it fit perfectly on the desk - looks great, and has great sound. The unit has a quality feels not plastic 
jump drive. For an inexpensive jump drive I found this one to be very good. It was easy to use and convenient for transferring pictures from my computer to a 
Best price I found. Well I am not sure what else you would be looking for. It holds a ton of pictures on my camera and slides right in ready 
Garmin Motorcycle Mounting Kit for StreetPilot 2610. As I expected and a great price  
Pretty darn good scanner. After extensive research, this was the scanner for me. I had to fuss around with its settings to get it to scan books, which isn t 
Trendnet KVM USB switch. Works perfect. I have one Vista box and a Win 2000 box. Plugged it in, turned on the computers and I was set, no problems at 
The best flash drive I ve used. Pros: It s sturdy. No lie, I just washed and dried mine, without cap, in a campus washer and dryer and it s 
Great disk printer unless you have Vista. I ve printed over 1000 disks with th CW-100, no big problems except for some ribbon issues. However, Casio doesn t seem to 
So far so Good!. I like the simplicity and the beauty of it it s so different from other mp3 players out there . I figured out how to add 
Can t beat it. Can t beat the price! I ve been pretty impressed with the aftermarket accessories I ve purchased from iConcepts. They are good quality and work every 
Nice protection. This offers great protection for my laptop and the zipper pocket is very nice. It is a bit too big for my Dell Latitude D820, so I did 
Works with Mac OS X Tiger , Virtual PC and Garmin GPS. I bought this for one specific purpose: to attach my Garmin GPS Vista to my Mac using Tiger 
As promised. High yield, but don t let the printer convince you to change cartridges too early  
Good Wifi AP. This is a good basic WiFi access point. I ve bought many. Easy to set up and use. It occasionally disconnects, but a firmware upgrade usually fixes 
Just what i wanted. The sleeve works very well when running. It also protects my ipod in times that I m not exercising.  
great product for great price. It works realy great, I red some other reviews before buying this product and I can only say that this product is preaty fast and 
Fast retail burrner for the money. Have always bought sony DRU burners for my backups has the fastest Xtrnsfer rate as to dump files from media to hard drive. Plus 
Brother Lable maker. The lable maker was removed from the box and put into action with ease. Product is easy to use and understand. For the money a great purchase. 
Great Combo. Desktop Elite was very easy to setup. After 2.5 months is working very well. No problems. The speciality keys work well and are intuitive. Keyboard and mouse work 
LOVE IT, LOVE IT!!. The last power failure we had was a short one compared to the five days with no power after Hurricane Isabel. But this time, we knew 
THE BEST. THIS IS THE BEST COMPUTER MEMORY BRAND NAME AND PEFORMANCE I HAVE ALLWAYSUSED  
Works for me. This printer does all it s supposed to. The paper feeder tray is a little finicky, but if you are gentle with it, no problems. Great little 
Every traveler should own it when traveling abroad!. It works in Israel, Jordan, and Egypt as well as other parts of the world.Every traveler should get one when traveling abroad. 
Great bag for the Money. Bag has really nice build quality. Could have been made by Tumi. Nice padded slot for my laptop and plenty of compartments for accessories and 
great for the cost. For under 10 these are the best headphones you will find. I have had 3 pairs now which sounds bad but its been over the course 
Small & Rugged. The Pro520XL has been mounted in my Jeep now for several years. It has been exposed the elements and has taken a beating off road and has 
Great Motherboard. Everything went together and powered up the first time without a hitch. The diagnostic tool is very easy to use and the monitor watches CPU, memory and motherboard 
60 GB Western Digital Hard Drive. I was looking for something that was fast, portable, and easy. I have backed up my documents on three computers, including photos and music 
Worth the money. I bought one of these radios a couple of years ago after listening to one in a friend s house. Really big sound comes out of this 
Great phone. I bought the phone from worldbargains the price was great and it arrived within a reasonable time I will buy from worldbargains again  
Has worked great for two cars now. Best 20 I ve spent in a long time. I ve had the iRock for well over a year now 2 years? and 
Fingerprint sign-on works pretty well!. I have been using the Sandisk Cruzer Profile 512MB for about 2 months and have to say that it has not given me any problems 
Solid printing. The box arrived with some dents and dings, however, the printer is fine. The easy to follow directions made start up a nonevent. I m still after a 
Solid speakers - great alternative to real surround setup. For what it is designed, the speakers are top notch.Pros:The pros are fairly obvious: space saving, great look, no cumbersome wiring, 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
DMR-EH75VS DVD VHS Recorder. I recived my new DMR-EH75VS DVD VHS Recorder and hooked it up. I find it to be easy to use and of high quality. I have 
RF20 and PowerBlaster. Works fantastic. The power blaster is in the basement and I can control it from anywhere in the house. Was fairly easy to setup. Only issue is 
Gets the job done!. These carry the signal as well as Big Name Brand cables costing ten times as much. Save your money for buying more movies  
An object of beauty. From the reviews I had read, I expected this radio to have great sound, and I ordered it in cherrywood and cobalt blue. At first I 
Excellent.. but not for everybody. I was looking for small inexpensive pda Windows pocket PC that I would use for reading books, playing few games, and keep my contacts. There 
AVL 300 Takes the Place of All My Old Remotes. I have to say that I was a little bit skeptical because of the large price tag but found out 
Magnificent!!!!!!!!!. If you are a college student, or anyone who deals with math, I highly recommend that you purchase this calculator. It is an excellent tool for performing many types 
A Lot of Fun!. I bought the M-Audio 49e USB controller keyboard for my Mac about a month ago. I m an adult returning to the piano after many, many 
Amazing sound. Ok, the wires are too short to place all the way around a room, even a bedroom. The control unit is not perfect either, I d prefer a 
Very good for the price. Pros: Very inexpensive, can play songs directly from a flash drive instead of an mp3 playerCons: Can t shuffle tracks or make a playlist if 
Very good for the money!. This was the first flash drive I bought, and I liked it enough to buy a second one. I ve since given both of them 
Fantastic. I m using this receiver with a CarPC. This gets a 3D lock by the time the PC has come out of hibernation into the NAV software. Can t 
Replacement Plan. I haven t had the chance to use this plan yet...but I believe it is a good price for the item that I bought, and I trust that 
A Lifesaver. This is one of the best pieces of equipment I could have purchased. I have a lot of older gadgets, ones which use 9-point sync cords. My monitor 
Rhino in Iraq. OUTSTANDING to say the least. I carried a Rhino 110 for a year during operation Iraqi Freedom. It suffered more abuse in this year than any normal 
How To Rock. The Buttkicker adds a bit of shake to your home theatre. It doesn t replace the subwoofer, but sort-of turns the floor into a lower subwoofer. And 
Sharp and powerful...!. I decided to go for this receiver instead of the TX-SR674 which is exactly the same as this except for the added benefit of up-conversion to HDMI 
How Do I Review You. One might think it is impossible to review a cable...However, feel compelled to add that this cable is compatable with the Zire 72s. Therefore, if 
Great AM Reception & FM Sound. I got this radio when Amazon had a special for 35.00; although they noted that it was discontinued, they started to sell it again. 
Don t fall for the Big Box Ripoffs!. This cable works fine at a fraction of the cost of an equivalent Monster cable. It s just plastic and wire, after 
More Space, More Fun. Am glad bought this at the right time, right price and definitely, right place  
SOLID. I bought this about 7 months ago and never had a problem with it. It take 7 minutes to burn an 80 minute cd. The program reminds you to 
GREAT FOR CONVERTING TO DIGITAL FORMAT AVI . One of the reviewers said that this product records the video as an MPEG2 file and compromises the quality of the video 
keeps my computer cool. i had a different cooler, that went under the computer and provided 4 USB ports, it worked ok. but i think that it wasn t working 
Very good hardware, substandard software. This is a TV card I used to replace my aged Lifeview FlyVideo98FM card, so I could watch record Trinidad & Tobago games from TV 
Review of Epson PowerLite S4. This product is extremely easy to set up and use. Connection to the computer was very easy, and the instructions are clear. The projector is 
A Small Bundle. Yes, it is small, but packed with the receive and transmit power that delivers clear CB communication. Great manual and easy install. A great value for its 
Awsome Awsome Awsome. Everyone should have one of these, your computer must have at least windows 2000, xp works fine. I have a 2,000 sq. foot ranch with a basement 
Helpful. Sony is usually a quality buy regardless. Your efficient buy here ship there option is why I use Amazon.ThanksWJ  
Cheap and Functional. I bought this cable a while ago to connect my computer to my stereo receiver. The cable shields fairly well and is of decent quality for the 
solid. this burner is great. it burns dvd5 and dvd9 with no problems. i have the 712a which was also solid. you can get the compatible media list from the 
A wonderful Accordion. My daughter recieved Christmas money and chose to purchase this toy accordion. What a wonderful surprise it has been! I would recommend this instrument to anyone who 
I LOVE THIS CASE!. This case is awesome! It completely protects my iPod nano AND it looks attractive! If you normally use a keychain, you can attach your nano to 
Works great!. I had no problems installing this. I am using this with an 802.11b router also from D-Link and this has helped extend my wireless range and speed  
flatbed photo and slide scanner. this is my fourth scanner i have purchased over the years and i finally found an excellent scanner for photos and particularlly for slides.i highly 
It just works. It is inexpensive and works. My daughters CD maching kept getting error messages. Popped this in, cleand the lens and no longer get error messages. What more 
Great backpack. I am using this bag for school in which I need to carry 4 textbooks, a laptop 15.4 inch screen and a couple of notebooks. The pack has 
Outstanding Product. This Garmin is great out of the box, it does everything that they say it can. Went on a trip a day after recieving it, I had some 
Fantastically simple with a professional sound. I ve used everything from Ableton Live to ProTools to Reason and this thing is just plug and play. Very easy interface makes for 
Excellent monitor for work or play. Whether I m using this monitor for working on spreadsheets or coding, or watching movies, it s excellent. Bright, excellent picture quality, and great 
Good for the price. Great product that does what I wanted: Makes movies much louder and easier to watch without headphones. Can t beat the price. No complaints  
HDMI cable without the MONSTER price. A funny thing about digital signals, is that they are either a 1 or a 0. Unlike analogue, where quality can degrade or time 
Great Headphones. I bought these after buying and returning the high end v-moda earbuds. I actually prefer the sound of these to the ones that I returned. Sound is crisp 
Absolutely love this case!. I searched extensively for a case for my new iPod that a had integrated screen protection i.e., no just some insert to put between the case 
Works well. After installing the card, I booted up my Windows XP and it locked up. After rebooting again, however, the card worked fine and has continued to work fine.I 
Just real Black ink. Like many inkjet users, I have tried to save some money by buying third party inks. Well there is such a difference it is amazing. My 
Great printer for the price. I purchased this printer for a friend that is on a budget. After researching this product for a few days I thought this would be 
GREAT ITEMS STILL!!!. Compared to the technology and color screen palm pilots and handsprings of today, THis is truley a classic and lasted long! IT s a great item for 
Solid Wall Mount. This is a pretty solid wall mount. I got it to mount my Sharp LC-32D50U, which weighs in at about 45lbs or so. It holds it well 
Excellent LCD...Extremely Happy So Far...Go Pull the Trigger. I have only watched it tonight, but so far everything looks great. I could definitely see some of the things that people 
Better than my old Belkin model. It s speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This 
Best HD buy!. I purchase this on Amazon for 499 no tax & free shipping. You can not match this quality at this price. The HD with HDMI cable using 
Great Product at Great Price. I bought this adapter a few weeks ago. Setup was easy. No dropped connections. Great speed and distance. May upgrade to N router when they 
I use Verbatim 16X 4.7 GB DVD R s myself. My current DVD writer??? NEC ND3550AI also use Memorex 16x media. zero problems I have one gigabyte of RAM inside 
Fabulous picture, even from broadcast; terrific value. I bought this TV about two months ago and have been extremely pleased. The picture is absolutely terrific and being a semi-ludite ie: 
Great protection for MacBook. A great product - snug fit on the laptop, and appears to be a part of the laptop itself. Difficult to remove, but no real reason 
As expected. Made my computer run better. I upped from .5 Gig to 1.5 Gig. I m glad I was able to get the same type of memory I already 
not as pictured here. Product is great, but actual cable received looks different from website picture; it is not black, like most Monster Cable 2 cables, but marble, like previous 
Excellent product. I got the Soundsticks to use as a home stereo in a small room. I wasn t expecting superb sound quality and the Soundsticks really suprised me with 
For the price, you can t get better. Seriously, this is a great wireless lavalier. I borrowed the Azden WMS-PRO from my college and used it for about a week. 
nice, simple bench. Got this for my mom for her new keyboard. It is a simple bench but does the job just fine. Easy to put together and adjust to 
All one needs. I have purchased this DVD player to replace an older version of Sony DVD player that started to have problems playing DVDs especially the scratched ones . 
Great case. Very durable and tough. I have had my ipod for a year and this is the only case i have ever used on it.but it is kid of 
Solid mount. Used the 75 100 CL to mount a Sylvania 15 LCD in a bedroom - very solid - only the very slightest amount of play in the swing 
a must for new, nervous parents!!!. This monitor truly is a must have for all new, nervous parents!!! My husband and I had our first son in Nov. and were 
It Improves Handling. I can t believe how much it improves the handling of the camera! You ll feel a lot safer whenever you have to take a picture with 
A Great Player. Cowon s iAudio X5 is heir to the iRiver player - a high-end, get-out-and-push type of player for people who are fussy about their music, and who 
Perfect for jogging. I clip to my shorts and I m ready for my workout. Great to not have to buy an armband holder  
Great Look.. Love my phone. It sits in my scrapbook room and looks fantastic. Receiver is very heavy, though, and if I get caught up in an extended conversation, it 
good controller but... I installed this controller on winXP. While I was playing an emulated game I noticed that my keyboard didn t work and there was no way to 
Works like a champ, 24 7. Just remember to use the proper cable, Cat 5e or Cat 6  
Great watch. This watch is great because the countdown is so easy to use. Whenever I need to remember to check the dryer or the stove, all I have to 
A good simple portable phone. This isn t a fancy phone and it is not the latest technology. However, it works great and does exactly what it says and does 
Inexpensive, basic, functional. For a remote power point controller this one works as advertized. The laser pointer is weak, therefore 4 stars. I got what I paid for and am 
Panasonic Handset. We have about five of these extension handsets for Panasonic phones. The transmission quality is great, and the battery life is very good. However, we have found that 
A definite must have for iPod owners!. When you use the video function on your iPod it depletes the battery pretty quick. I can keep this nifty little gadget with 
Great for the price. I ve had this switch for years, has not failed me. Only drawbacks are that it does not support audio and it uses PS 2 not 
Like a huge LCD screen on the wall!. I have only just received this unit, but my first impression are that it is amazing! I don t have everything set 
Great Mike. This is one of the best microphones i have ever had, easy to use, out of the road, doesn t pick up noise and is very sensitive. No 
SanDisk Quality = Awesome Card. I bought this card about 6 months ago when I received a Nikon Coolpix 5700 as a gift. I have to say, this card has 
Great Headphones! Great Price!. Most in-the-ear headphones hurt my ear if I wear them longer than 5 minutes, so I was really happy that these don t rely on staying 
Works great so far on my Cingular 8525. I installed this on my Cingular 8525 phone to store built in camera photos. At first when I installed in the memory 
Great Garmin Product-Rino 130. This update might help users that were having problems with there Rino 110, 120 and 130 Radios. Peer-to-Peer and reception issues.Garmin is pleased to announce that 
The Creative Zen Nano Plus Rocks!. The Creative Zen Nano Plus MP3 player is very small, not much bigger than a cigarette lighter, but it delivers great sound. From music 
Not bad but I wouldn t buy it again. I used it around my city and even took it to Hawaii and it was a lot of help. People forget 
Laptop Travel Powerhouse!. This is an amazing laptop desk. I ve used many laptop stands and tables, however I ve never found one that does what this one does. The 
A solid product. The other review for this item might scare you into not buying it, but we installed one of these firewalls to protect my employers network and it 
Great for what i use it for. Im not a professional keyboard player. I bought this keyboard to have something to play around in with reason and Guitar Pro. It 
Excellent Shredder for the price. This shredder is built rock solid and will shred anything. I have been through a few shredders before buying this one and thought I would 
Worth Every Penny. A solid little unit. I ve owned three different GPS antennas for my PDA, and this one is definitely the best of the three.It holds signal when 
The most amazing extender on the market. I ve been using remote control extenders for many years now. For a number of years the old pyramid type extenders did the 
My best watchdog. Truely wireless, the remote alert sender unit runs on 4 AA batteries. I don t know yet how long they last. Mine are now two weeks old 
Like the seventies only better. I had put off transcribing my extensive vinyl collection to cd for a variety of reasons. But, a couple of months ago I decided to 
Is TX really better?. Weel, I have a T5. I had a cuple soft resets only. TX is black. Not as nice as T5 with its business grey color. Should 
Great product. I reviewed all of the iPod docks available at the time and chose this one for the value and what features I really needed. The remote works great 
geeky cool. ...and very useful! Great for hooking up your laptop when you re on the road, and zips up with not tangles or knots. Also great for techs to 
Very good Ipod charger. Ipods are power-hungry electronic devices and sometimes it s just unconvenient to charge your Ipod through your PC when you aren t even going to use 
The best option for 2 functions in one. when I look this product I was tryng to buy a monitor only to my son s bedroom but this LCD comes 
Great Product for Monitors. This product does everything it is advertised to do and is very easy to use - Even in the precision mode, if you read the directions. 
Awesome product!. If I needed more I would buy this one again and again! I will certainly recommend this one to family & friends  
Power UPS! Everything you need to know. First of all why do you want a power UPS? There are some very good reasons. 1 You never want your machine to 
Awesome.... This antenna is exactly what I needed. I was experiancing a loss of signal on a desktop computer at the other side of my house. Once I hooked this 
Good product, a little tight around my big ears though. These are the best headphones i have ever owned, the bass is excellent, the amount of sound it blocks out 
Fantastic! Fabulous! No noise whatsoever!. Had it for 6 years now. Sounds great as ever. Just go buy it.This one is for the USA. A great american brand product, Great 
Good value. If you can afford the Sennheiser MKE300 for about 170, buy it! If money s tight and you re smart you ll get a cheaper camcorder and then 
MapSend Europe CD. Mapsend Europe installed easily and performs as expected. Downloading to the GPS was easy. A judgement on accuracy of the maps will have to wait until we 
Works great, but not enough coverage. This product does what it s supposed to do. I love that it folds up to make it smaller, however, the drawback to this 
Pc Sound over stero. I used this to bring my music library located on pc in basement to my stereo upstairs via network and laptop. I hooked up a toslink 
Number 1 indoor TV antenna. For a non-amplified indoor TV antenna, you ll never find a better one than this Terk TV-2. I got 2 of them, and was pleased. 
Works great in my Garmin GPS. I bought this card to replace the 128MB card that came with my Garmin i3 GPS. Works great! I was able to use the 
the best you can get. Arctic Silver is the best thermal paste available, hands down. It moves heat like you wouldn t believe. I don t use anything else in 
Samsung TV. I really like my TV. The picture quality is great. Things look best in 720p, though. If only it supported 1080p... It s just the right size for 
The best Targus with the best Dell . After having used a Targus Notebook Case for two years, with excellent results,with a NEC laptop, I decided that the next Leather 
Wonderful Batteries. These batteries are great, and seem to fit my Rio 500 better than some discount batteries. Good price too  
Pleasantly surprised. I purchased this humidifier for my baby, however used it for myself first. I was worried, remembering the humidifiers from when I was a kid, that made a 
Good cable, good price. No problem after 2 months. Don t waste your money on Monsters :  
The service was exactly as epected. Everything came on time and they have great prices to boot  
Great Case for Price. I like that the shoulder strap is easily removed so I can carry it by the handle when necessary. It is compact but still holds all 
Works Great!. Works just like advertised....although, I would recommend a higher lumines...is a bit faded when wathcing during daylight with curtains drawn.I did buy a extra-large window shade 20 for 
Exactly what I was looking for. The M-Audio FireWire Audiophile is exactly what I was looking for. It took the sound processing outside of my computer, which saves me some 
Invaluable accessory for Garmin StreetPilot. The Garmin StreetPilot GPS has built-in batteries, and ships with an automobile 12 24 volt adapter. If you want to avoid having wires draped over 
Pretty decent product. Product is pretty decent, so far so good, just as advertised. Works like a charm with ipod, infect the car charger can also be used for charging 
Work well with my sound output from my protable DVD player and MP3 player. I got a set of these for my stereo system when I got my MP3 player, 
It works. I read reviews of the Belkin N-1 networking family and was scared to leave my pre-N system behind. However, my Pre-N router died and true to their word 
Garmin Streetpilot A C charger. The charger makes recharging your streetpilot easy. Just remember to turn the streetpilot off before recharging.  
Great Product. I m very pleased with this mp3 player, it may nota have a very big storage but it seems to be enough, of course it depends of every 
Roadie Printer. I travel quite a bit and needed a small printer to work with my Dell 700m laptop. I m in the technical field service area. I was trying 
Video Converter. I purchased the Plextor converter on advice of NERO. They claimed that it would be compatible with their software. After I plugged it in and tried to convert 
4:3 16:9 no problem. I read with interest some of the complaints about wide screen anamorphic on this unit. It was a simple option in the setup menu to change 
Nice budget TV. I bought this model a year ago when it went on sale at a local store sorry Amazon . I did have to fill out and send 
Excellent Picture!. After doing an EXTENSIVE amount of research on all of the different possibilities for a budget of around a thousand dollars, I decided that DLP would be the 
One of the best investments I ve ever made!. I am blown away by how much the sound quality of my entire system has improved for so little money. DVDs 
Great TV. This is a great HDTV! From the truck to watchiing TV took next to no time at all. There are plenty of inputs to get everything connected, the 
Good Value. This presenter is a good value for the money. It has three modes: 1 mouse, 2 presenter and 3 multimedia. In all modes the laser pointer operates at 
Amazing Product, Amazing delivery. This is one of the best products I have spent my money on. This speakers speak well and you will be amazed at how well they 
Lots of discs are a very good thing... As a person who has used lots of writable CD and DVD products I would highly recommend this product. I have yet 
Useful Travel Companion. Very useful travel pack. Protects the Zune very well. Nice dual headset with seperate volume controls. Overall good value for the money  
DVD Protection. This backpack is well designed and seems to be made of durable materials.  
Easy to setup. Purchased this to replace my old unit. Took a couple minutes to do the switch  
Love It!. Great, and easy to use. Dvd s look amazing via the HDMI on my Sony 50 SXRD. Home entertainment at its best  
Cheap Notebook Stand. This is working out real well as a notebook stand for me. You can t beat the pric  
Awesome and saves money!. This does everything just as it describes. Plus since you have to pay for XM Subscriptions by the receiver this allows you to avoid having to 
Great sound, high quality, lot s of bells & whistles!. The short story is, buy it, it s a great radio. Fully satisfied.I wanted a high quality radio for use 
Great for beginning runners. The single-button controlled countdown function with alarm is the reason that I purchased this watch. I believe this feature is unique. This allows you to time 
Perfect Earbuds for the iPod Nano. I ve been on the lookout for replacement earbuds for my nano and finally found these. I think they are just awesome and believe 
cheap-looking, but good deal b c it was free w rebate. I wouldn t buy this product for 5 dollars, but it was free after rebate, which was the fastest 
Easy to use and practical. The TiVo is all that it promises to be. It has re-organized how I watch television by providing information about ALL possible showtimes for programs; 
Excellent Product. I ve bought this mount from Amazon along with my Panasonic 42 Plasma Television which I just received a couple of days ago.Mount is of sturdy construction, well 
Works better than expected. Cardscan unit is well documented and easy to install. Card scan functions amazingly well. I had to make a few corrections but I basically scanned in 
A lot of space at a great price. This is a great buy because I have a lot of space. I use the card on my Digital Camera and I 
good remote rodent. this is a good travel device and well designed. the usb connector tucks almost flush into bottom of the mouse body and shuts down power to the 
The Perfect Gift!. At 499.00 this was the perfect gift for my 87 year old friend. She told me a week before Christmas that she wanted to get a new 
Quality inexpensive microphone. Great sounding mic. Durable, built well. You do need to have some amplification to run it. Some sort of preamp. Computer users don t expect to get 
Satisfied Customer. This product is everything it is advertised to be. I was lookng for a DVD with a TV tuner and here it is. I am very pleased with 
Excellent Product. This tough acrylic case fits my 2006 Nano 2nd Gen perfectly, and so far is very durable. The headphone plug fits through the case flawlessly, and the control 
Nice Card. I bought this card for my digital camera and I have had it for a while now. I have not had any problems with it, it was fairly 
works well. I only have 2 USB ports on both my dell laptops, so I had to buy this. I currently have a mouse, an all-in-one printer, 2 external hard 
Leapfrog remote extender. I love this thing! I have my components in an antique sideboard and now I can keep the doors shut and control everything. I set the leapfrog 
Fast delivery but some broken tabs. packaging by mfg doesn t keep tabs from being broken off, but vendor was great  
cd wallet - 72 capacity. We ordered the wallet for a place to keep all of our newly acquired cd s for the car. sometimes when we travel out of 
Great backpack. I am using this bag for school in which I need to carry 4 textbooks, a laptop 15.4 inch screen and a couple of notebooks. The pack has 
One of the best. I ve used many laptop cases and this is one of the best. I had the case for the 15 laptops, but this one is designed 
My wife told me to turn it down!!. I was replacing a portable Sony devise that I really liked, but busted one of the speakers. This is a very attractive 
Microsoft Wireless Laser Mouse 8000. This mouse is flat out the best mouse you can buy with wireless, bluetooth technology.The rechargable battery gives the product very long usage before recharging. 
Fast and well-priced. And that sums it up. I bought this card for an upcoming trip to Europe. I own the 30D, and I do not even know how many 
You can t type without one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. You have to buy one. It has high durability and will last you a life time. the gel actually forms around your wrist!!!!!! So 
Highly useful and accurate. I m not sure why the previous reviewer had so much trouble with the character recognition. Perhaps it is a defect in the particular unit he 
Ink hog no more. yes.... these printers do use the ink. I also have a lexmark that is quite expensive to re-fill. Here is a solution. Only use the expensive 
Good product, but be careful. I bought an 06 Eclipse GT and didnt want to go near the dash so I bought this product. The bracket hit the track of 
Turn down the lights!. I have to agree with other posters here who praise the sound, but can t stand the bright blue lights.Performance: GREAT! It made the stock speakers 
ONE STAR - Updated Review & How to remove the stand pedestal for wall mounting. Ok, I just purchased this TV and have spent the past hour and a half 
Excellent and Versatile XM Radio MP3 Player. The Pioneer Inno does everything it is supposed to do, and does them very well. In standalone mode, it is an excellent XM 
Exactly what I was looking for. For sub- 100, this little stereo does everything I need it to. This micro unit is truly small: it fits on top of our 
Kodak SD Card 512 MB. I received the card quicly and with no problems. It works as expected. Thank you for the fast service  
Love it!. I really love this item. I purchased it because of the fingerprint reader and I am very happy I did. It installed great and is working brilliantly. I 
Great product. Even though it is small, it delivers. I had no problem downloading music and it is easy to use. Great for the pric  
Does the Job. Price is reasonable. Wish I d saved more of the jackets that work with this,but not other storage systems  
10,000 songs thru my stereo receiver at the click of a wheel. This stereo connector is fabulous. I already had a very good Kenwood stereo system with great speakers. Now 
How many pictures will it store?. How many pictures will it store? It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the 
Kingston 512 MB CompactFlash Card SLC . I bought this to replace the microdrive I was using in my camera. And I am very happy with the speed of this 
needs tweaking. I think everyone will have the same problem of the right hinge catching on the bottom shell, causing a loud snapping sound sometimes when you open the lid 
Gigabit is superb. Intel Pro 1000 desktop adapters work with Linux straight out of the box. You plug it in the PCI card slot inside the computer case and it 
Customer built stand for your Grand Wega. This TV stand is very nice. My 60 SXRD Grand Wega fits perfectly. There is a front piece that you install after you 
Great Speakers For This Price. Bought these two years ago and they are still going strong. We love south of Buffalo, NY so the weather is not always favorable. These 
Oregon Scientific WR103. This product is awesome! It takes a few minutes to figure out how to program the S.A.M.E. but that should not prevent anybody from purchasing this terrific 
Happy ,Happy. My son give me his Bose speakers. His speakers cast over 1,000 . He tells me I have to buy a good receiver 500 Watts of power. He 
good price from amazon. I usually buy them from Buy.com but Amazon managed to have good price this time.... got to love its free shipping.... Great inks at better price 
Love it. It is a very stylish design and great for the office. Sound and ease of use is great  
works with my ipod. I needed an additional cable for my ipod. This one works like a charm, and was one of the cheapest I could find. Well constructed and 
Excellent Card. There are other SD cards out there right now that you can get for less, but this card certaily wont dissappoint. This is 1 of 3 SD cards 
pretty good headphones for the price. if you are looking for over the head headphones, these are pretty good for the price. definately worth 40 dollars. other review said that 
Great Value. I bought this for my brother, and he LOVES it. He takes a lot of pictures and with great results. I know a lot of that is the 
Great Connection...Difficult Setup. Overall, I have a great connection that has not failed in the 4 months I ve owned it. The only drawback I had with this is that 
Just what you need!. Compact, portable and works with all the popular media cards: cf I II, sm mmc, sd xd and mms mmsp. I have one at home and 
Increases Viewing Comfort. Height adjustment is fantastic. Eyeglass wearers will know what I mean -- no more tilting my head to see the monitor through the sweet spot on my 
I m glad my boss is willing to take risks. So, I was really against this product. The reviews were terrible for it. But there was a couple of reviews 
Does the job. It s a simple device, so there s not to say about it other than it does the job. You should note that the LEDs on the 
Midland WR-300. Great product! Very pleased with my decision to get this over the 100 so I could replace my alarm clock. Set it up just for the counties near 
Best One I Could Find. Okay. It isn t perfect. Installation isn t as easy as it should be. Instructions aren t as good as they should be. Some printers 
Very pleased indeed... I bought this keyboard as an inexpensive way for my daughter to practice piano. I am very pleased with this keyboard. It has a wonderful piano tone 
Loved It. I have three Tivos running through each one and then the signals are sent throughout the house. The remote feature is perfect. I just ordered two more to 
Great memory for a great price. I bought two Kingston KVR133X64C3 512 512MB 133MHz Non-ECC CL3 DIMM Memory Modules for my old Dell Dimension 4300 desktop computer and they work 
Extremely durable. I wasn t thrilled about having to get a proprietary battery for the Pentax K10D, but now that I have it I m quite pleased. It s billed 
Nice for the price. I am using this for my children s CD-ROM games. It also holds DVD cases nicely. My children 3, 5 and 7 tend not to put 
One of the Best. This review applies only to data storage and not video. In fact, DVD RW is more suitable for data storage. For video application, DVD-RW is more 
great printer. I really needed a printer with a scanner so I could store my important files digitally. This printer works great.. I would recommend to change to the lower 
They re no Bose... First, the main con - the headphones unfortunately lack good, heavy bass! The main pro - the volume and clarity are nice enough for you to 
Good product. The only thing I find that s somewhat negative about this pen is that holding it and seeing where you re going is a bit awkward and takes 
Surprisingly Good Sounding. This unit sounds very good, better than several similarly-priced Kenwood units I ve had over the years KDC 1xx,2xx . I d always assumed that all these 
GREAT PRODUCT. This is a really great scanner. I had some trouble loading it in my computer but a call to customer help fixed it quickly. It does great color 
I like it. If you snap shots in burst mode, or if you want to take pictures at sporting events, fast cards like those are the way to go.Almost no 
Great buy!. Quick delivery, and it works exactly as it should. Plus, it was the cheapest I could find it anywhere. Thanks  
An Outstanding Bookshelf Speaker at Any Price. The reviewer below identifying himself as An Electronics Fan obviously has a deep bias against Bose. His multiple reviews about Bose products--here and 
Belkin F5D5050 Networking USB to Ethernet Adaptor. Works great. Absolutly no problems hooking up my TiVo to my network  
Good price, but... Compare with acoustic grand piano. This model s keys are heavier than real one. I can feel with clatter when I push keys. But it s compact 
Works great, but should be included when you purchase your archos. This little piece of plastic works like they say it should, although, I think it should be standard equipment 
Bad rap isn t deserved for the iTrip. I was a little tentative to order the iTrip LCD because of some of the bad reviews I read. It seems like 
Outstanding scanner. Our church loves this device. Great for desktop or laptop. We were so pleased that we are ordering two more. We will save enough in a few weeks 
Great little mouse. Very simple. Plug in adapter into USB port, let windows do its thing, & you re done.When I first saw the mouse I was a little concerned 
Wireless Phone Jack. Great item for homes lacking phone jacks. Easy to set up.Better than trying to hard wire  
My PC Remote from Streamzap. I just installed the PC Remote from Streamzap and it works fine. However, it would not work using the drivers that came on the installation 
satisfied user. printer is well made and does all i expect it to do.my complaintis that their tool bar will only open on internet explorer  
Sanus TV Turntable. This product does exactly what it s supposed to do. I can easily swivel my tv around with one finger, and it doesn t damage the tabletop 
Great CD DVD opener. Trying to open a new CD or DVD can be a pain. This Maxell opener solves all the hassle. Couldn t be easier  
Small system great sound. Great little unit to sit up in an office next to your computer. After seeing a relative that owned one for their xm2go system, I had 
awesome mp3 player. beautiful electronic item bright colourseasy plug and play  
As Good As Any. I ve had several expensive DVD players and this one is as good as any of them. I play movies a lot so I tend to 
Great Pic, Lousy Remote. Great picture, especially with a cable HDTV box. Very bright too. But lousy remote so really should hook up to a cable box and use the 
Just right for my phone. Good way to get pix off the phone and into the computer  
A good Little radio. I got this radio as a birthday gift from my wife back in March. It s been a long time since I ve had a CB 
Not your only option... This card is great for the seamless apple look and feel and only option for internal in imac ibook PB but it is way overpriced now 
By far the best cordless phone I ve owned. Great clear sound. Easy to set up and easy to use. Love all the features this phone system has. Buy the 
Not Real Quiet. This power supply works fine. No problems, but for the money, it s not THAT nice. It s not silent. More like kind of noisy. My last 
Works great!. After having my GPS come loose barrel pin failure on more than one occasion I decided to give this a try.I ve now used this on a 2 
Works as described. This product is great. I swim about 30 laps 4 times a week, and this waterproof case really does keep the water out. I love how I 
VERRY HAPPY. I have only had this monitor for a couple of day sbut I am verry happy with it. It came well packaged and you cant beat the price. 
3 Years later : . Sit s in my Garage on a shelf to this day 3 years later. Still as clear as a bell, works like a pro. I 
Whistler Works. I ve had this Whistler for about a week now and it works great. I have been using a 300.00 escort for years but I wanted a new 
high quality. The card seems to be very high quality. I haven t had any problems so far. It holds about 600 pictures in the large format in my 3.2 
Good price, decent quality, too bright LEDs. I liked the unit. it is very well built, materials and workmanship are close to perfect, sound quality is also very good. at 
NICE INEXPENSIVE BENCH. Bench was very inexpensive compared to others-matches my yamaha keyboard nicely and doesn t take up alot of space. Good if you just need something decent to 
Ion iTTUSB a great accessory. I had some old vinyl records that I wanted to archive the music from. This turntable does a fantastic job and is so easy to 
It does what it is supposed to do very well . Pros: price, does what it is supposed to do, nice looking, precise, 8 months battery, USB cordless transmitter.Cons: the 
absolute greater expanding. I was having problems with the fact that the wireless network was notreaching one of the rooms in the back part of the house and after installing 
Good starter guitar. Nice package for the beginning guitarist. Everything you need to start playing right out of the box. Guitar is well made and has a nice sound. Only 
GREAT TV - GET UNIVERSAL REMOTE THOUGH. I was debating between this TV and a Sony 55 dlp and I went with this one because it was cheaper...and I m 
Works great!. It s incredible how cheap this product is and how well it works. The only problem is that if you buy this item alone you will end up 
So easy a caveman could do it. This is the perfect radio for traveling and using your cell phone effortlessly. The Bluetooth connection was simple and has been problem-free, so 
Reliable and quick performer. Bought this card as a backup for the 1-GB card I normally use, and it s been fast and dependable so far. My 7 megapixel camera 
Terk Satellite antenna. I don t believe it is as good as the Kenwood antenna I had, but its better than nothing. That was the choice. Nothing and the Terk. 
Well designed, well made, easy to adjust. I bought one of these to hold up a Dell 2407 24 widescreen monitor, and it works great. The unit is sturdy and 
Worthwhile. Great value for the price. I needed 4ft Component Cables between my HD Satellite Receiver and my new HD-capable TV and I didn t want to spend a fortune 
Very Good. These are very good headphones. I like these ones instead of those that go behead your head. The sound comes out really nice and there are very affordable. 
Well worth the extra money. First off, I need to let everyone know that I ended up buying this TV at a local store and not from Amazon. I m 
Great little device, at the lowest price out there!. I m very happy with this purchase, and so far have not had any technical problems with this RF modulator. I 
Great performance for the price. If you re looking for a CPU with great overclocking potential, take a very close look at the E6400. With a decent motherboard that allows 
Pioneer Inno in Car Mount . Very Neat and tidy installation. Best I ve seen and used  
Good, Nice, Cheap. A Great deal for the money. The delivery time was really fast, the product works great.The SD is sended packed inside a clear case, which is useful 
Better than my old Belkin model. It s speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This 
Almost the best notbook bag ever. I ve had this bag for over a year, and it has held up tremedously - with one exception. The clasps on the shoulder 
good value. These ear buds provide a VERY good fit. They block out a lot of external noise. Much better than my previous ear buds. The sound is clear with 
Great! Radio station problem can be fixed... This pedal showed up two days after I ordered it, and I only paid regular shipping. The sound is great and the price 
Flash drive works fine. This flashdrive does its job well under normal circumstances. It works fine for transfering data between computers running Windows when network is not avail, or when 
Versatile percussion. This drum is the instrument of choice to begin in the professional percussion. If you are an appassionate of real drums, you will miss the feel of a 
Best Buy for the Money. I purchased my system online from Amazon new for 369.99 which also included free super saver shipping. I eventually recieved my unit in 3 days. 
Cobra Power Converter. Product performs per specifications and is easy to use. Would like to see fuse easier to replace  
Works Great with my MacBook Pro. I installed an 80GB Hitachi formerly IBM drive and hook it up to my MacBook Pro - works great! Performance over firewire is very 
Great TV for the money!. Well, I read all the reviews here and decided to go for it. I am very glad I did. This TV is great and just 
good, quiet. been only using this 30 days or so and what I like is that it s quieter than other drives I ve bought - performance is good so 
Install was EZ. Installed the drive as a second HD in my Dell 8200 to store images and Music. Install was EZ. Drive works great  
HP has a winner. The 8750 was easy to set up, the software loaded easily and the first test page was perfect. The color management works very well. The printer 
Excellent Add-on Player. I plugged this in last weekend for one my clients, and it works superbly. We connected one ZP80 to a set of Polk Atrium 45p speakers, and 
It s a memory card. I use the memory card in my Samsung d807 phone. Works perfecty  
PLEASED CUSTOMER. VERY GOOD VALUE FOR A QUALITY PRODUCT. AFTER THREE WEEKS OF USE, I WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE FOR HOME USE  
It just works. I previously had a Samsung Laser that was dirt cheap and quite small. A piece on a paper tray broke off and it could not be fixed, 
Compatible with the Epson R800 and R1800 photo printers. When it comes to ink for my R1800 photo printer, I am concerned with the quality of the images I print. 
Practical Choice. This boombox replaced my Sony CFD-E90, which I really liked but could no longer stand the infamous No Disc message that it gives. So far the new one 
Prior customer. I have not had N.E.W. coverage for this Apple product however I had a washing machine covered by them. The washer turned out to be one of those 
Great starter piano for even a very young child. We bought 2 of these for our grandson when he was 18 months old and showing a keen interest in music 
Dog loved it.... These are great in ear buds that have some noise canceling properties. They are great to use out doors when doing chores around the house. In fact 
My first HDTV. I am new to the HDTV world. I do not use cable TV, and got this TV primarily to view DVDs. I am quite pleased with the 
The Best For Videos. This is an awsome cable for videos and music, but if you want to put pictures on your tv forget about i  
It s a good little unit. I have two seperate units. One hardwired to my car, and the other is the JVC unit. I hooked it directly into the audio 
Great quality and good price!. I compared this with the Panasonic, Vizio and the Samsung.I went with this over the Panasonic because this one has two HDMI and two Components 
More than happy with the purchase. I had one CD in 2500 training set that would not read. The scratches were deep enough to be felt with the finger. After 
great little tv. I love it. It has a great picture quality and sound. Color is great.Love the small size and easy to operate  
Make sure your camera supports SDHC or it won t work. I have a Lumix DMC-FZ30. This card will not work with my camera. I read all that I could 
DVD burner. Good product, works well in my portable ACOM DATA CD burner. I pulled out the CD burner and it was a lite-on product and I replaced it with 
Works Great!. I have been using this shredder for at least a year and have had no problems with it. I use it daily and it continues to be reliable. 
Large format AND superb photo quality!. I recently purchased my 8750 and have since printed a variety photos with it. I wanted it to print large photos for use as 
Great product but a bit pricey. Most of the other players like this for iPod only play the iPod so the added feature of the DVD player built in was 
TDK makes an excellent cassette tape but there s room for improvement... TDK manufactures excellent 120 minute cassette tapes for all purpose general recording. As long as you have the 
M4 almost perfect. I seem to have a GPS for every kind of activity I do and everyone of them excel, and also have weaknesses in one way or another.I 
Good small TV. We ve had our model for a year, and for the price, it was an excellent value. My mother bought a 13 inch anolog off brand TV 
Very good product. Pros: Picture quality is as good as it gets. It displays HD content off the air or cable as good as any brand I ve seen. Speakers 
Very good product!. Very good boxes, dependable quality, holds dvd in place, pocket for inserts, can t say anything bad, very recommended, one of the best products in this cathegory 
Delphi SA10069 Home Adapter Kit. Unit shipped on time, was delivered on time and arrived in excellent condition. No problems. Unit worked as advertised  
Toshiba Gigabeat. This ROCKS!! I love it except for not having a radio, will totally recommend it  
Go Ahead, Buy It!!!. I won t waste your time telling you how great this TV is, the other reviewers have covered that and I agree.What I will say is,if 
Worth the money. This item works great.It has alot more extras on it than what is described.Like a thermometer,mosquito repellent button,shoulder strap,compass,clock,AM FM Weather band,siren and a blinker.It works great 
Good Performance. For an entry level graphic card, you can play some games with regular settings, great price  
Finally a good video converter. I had tried several USB devices to capture old VHS and 8mm tape on a well equipped Windows box but would either have things work 
HP Deskjet D2360. I am really enjoying my copier. I have a very small space and it fits right in. It was extremely easy to install and operate. I did 
Excellent mini GPS for Military use. I have been using the Foretrex 201 for over a year in Iraq. This mini GPS is an excellent peice of equipment that gives 
EVERYTHING WE HAD HOPED FOR AND MORE. This TV is beautiful. Out of the box and set up in 10 minutes. Beautifulcrisp clear Picture. DVD player is easy to use, 
Great for the money. We have had our 5800 series phones base station answering machine plus 3 additional phones for about a year and half now and have no problems. 
great and no regret. great, u just plug it in and restart ur computer and u will have a great mouse under ur hand that u will never regret buyin 
 What a great piece of furniture! . My husband and I bought this for our new home and we re both thrilled! He loves that it holds our new 
Great Cables. I bought these for my dvd player. They work wonderfully! The old analog cables that came with the dvd player looked alright but [didn t measure up}. These 
Clip could be better... The neoprene holder won t snap into the clip at any angle, like my cell phone holder will. I thought it was defective until I fiddled 
cd dvd holder. Purchased this item approx. 2yrs. ago---outgrew it lok everywhere possible then found it @ amazon com--different easy to use attractive long lasting we simply wanted to seperate 
Very fast, once you get it to work. This D-Link wireless 802.11g wireless AirPlusXtremeG adapter is amazing. The first amazing thing, is that it seems to lose your connection all 
Good price , Good quality. Good to learn how to play. No technical problem.Easy to instal.I recommend itPasca  
OWNER OF AN EARLIER MODEL. Before I purchased this model I already had a HT720. I thought that the later model would be an improvement over the HT720. I must 
Anyone can become an accordionist!. I play a 120 bass Piano Accordion and I saw this toy accordion and it just stole my heart. It s a sturdy little diatonic 
Instant Gratification...a simple solution for any router with a removable antenna. For me, this is truly a plug and play device that delivers the goods...set up was done in literally 
Good company. Unfortunately I lost the instructions but the Kensington technical service helped me. They are very nice. The product is excellent  
Its great!!!. Wonderful sound and I get 3 bars with the Terk outside antennae.Tremendous sound when hooked up to a receiver & I live in Bermuda!  
This is the best. I ordered a 1gb transflash micro SD from RNJ Trading. The service was excellent. It got to us really fast sooner than expected. I had an 
awesome. This case makes my macbook look super cool. I get tons of compliments every day  
Zen Micro Is still one of the most versital players. I have Had many MP3 players but always go back to my Zen Micro. I am using a 6gb that 
type H is 1 3 faster than type M. Type H is noticeably faster than type M when taking pictures in RAW mode on my Fuji S6500. It takes 7.9 
These are great after the software update. This is my second set of Garmin radios. I have had the 120 s for a couple years now and had to try 
Great Mp3. Bought this Mp3 player for my girlfriend for christmas. She loves it. It is small and easy to use. The headphones could be better though. The process of 
AWESOME & CUTE. The headliner says it all. I love this product. The only bad thing is you have yo take the ipod out to sync your music and charge 
HP responds to early critics of 12cp?. This is my first financial calculator purchase. I read that 12c was supposed to be the standard with a fanatical fan base, but 
Overall beautiful player with a few dissapointing flaws. I researched and tested portable DVD players for quite some time, wanted no less than a 9 screen and couldn t justify 
Very nice stick. If you cannot afford the Cougar, this is the next best HOTAS. I really have to make a correction to a posted review earlier by CeeTee. CeeTee 
my review of Sony DRX800UL External. The product itself is very good , however the documentation is of the worst kind.  
Incredible. It seems that the micro age really is here. These MicroSD chips are big on storage. I bought this chip for my LG Chocolate phone of all things. Its 
Great product. This is a really great product. it has great features & I am very happy with it  
Troublesome but there are work arounds. I tried these cameras right out of the box and experienced the same troubles others are having. But I came up with a work 
Perfect phone!. I m fussy about small buttons, hard to program menues, poorly lighted dials....this phone has none of that! The talking caller ID on the base unit is terrific 
SanDisk 1 GB Extreme III SD Memory Card. This was a wise purchase. It greatly increased the performance of my Canon PowerShot A640. My next purchase will be the 2 
Sounds great. I needed something for the gym and it worked to what I was looking for. I really enjoy the quality of the sound that it has. I know 
Alternative to Canon LA-DC58F lens adapter. Fairly sturdy, metal 52mm thread alternative to the Canon lens adapter  
Great Product for the Price. I had used and reviewed a Magellan unit which I bought for a family member. I recently decided to get one for my second car 
Epson T044120 Blavck Ink Cartridge C64, C66, C84 C67 CX6400 Printers. Very good service. Free shipping.Less expensive than BJ S Wholesale Club  
Best I ve Used. I never thought I would burn a cd without noise on it. I had been using a 4X USB burner with Maxell gold discs, and thought 
Tough little bugger... I use my Cruzer Mini constantly at work. It s great for quick data transfers, small utilities, drivers or patching systems that are off the network. It 
Good for storage... This is pretty good for storing the PDA and keyboard, but not functional for everyday use. I just use it to protect my PDA screen in my 
BUY THIS!!!!! AWESOME!. I recently purchased an Alienware computer with a Dell 30 monitor and wanted speakers to match. I wanted very loud speakers to shake the walls when I 
Excellent for 999. Got this for 999 through amazon. Picture is a 10, sound is an 8- need to use surround sound for HD channels. Not the TV s fault- 
Power UPS! Everything you need to know. First of all why do you want a power UPS? There are some very good reasons. 1 You never want your machine to 
Took getting used to...now LOVIN it. When I first got the headphones, I was frustrated...they seemed quiet...not much bass...didn t sound that great.What I ve read in other reviews is 
Highly recommended printer. I m very pleased with the print quality and the ease of use. I also like that you can close the front and the back when not 
Compact scale very useful. This scale is very useful for click and ship and it also compact for home office use  
Awesome, Fast, and Reasonable Price!. This was a great deal for under 100. Just replacing my ink from the last printer would have been 50. This one is nice since 
EXELENTE TARJETA!!!!!!!. No me dio problemas de nada, eso fue montar, instalar drivers y a jugar. Unos meses despus, le cambi la refrigeracin porque para mis gustos era medio caliente 
Fellow s cd sleeves. These are very nice sleeves. I have bought sleeves from other companies but these outdid them all. Excellent produc  
A handy cord to watch movies on a TV. If you were looking for a way to watch movies from your macbook on your TV, this adapter is a must 
Awesome!. Being a metalhead myself, I very much thought it might of overpowered the music the phones that is. I read very many reviews on these headphones, and thought it 
Covered protection. This item was a little expensive but the protection is good, I would say great but I recently upgraded my home theater with an HDDVR and this requires 
karaoke fan. i have had no problems with this machine and it has many uses you can use it for karaoke it also will play reg. cd and it has 
BEST LITTLE POCKET RADIO EVER. I have had several of these types of radios including Sangean and Radio shack. This is by far the best one ever.I bought it for 
Very efficient, cheap too. I love these one wrap ties, since they are all hooks on one side and all loops on the other. I have tried some, which just 
It really WORKS!. Had tried Radio Shack remote extender but it was marginal. This one had the needed range and allows the remote to be used from any room in 
Great Sound!. I wanted a Ipod Speaker that was Portable but still sounded decent. One that was small, so I could fit in a overnight bag and travel with it. 
Sound is better than expected... I was a little concerned about the volume or loudness of the speakers given some of the reviews. And, I was nearly mortified, when I 
SANUS SYSTEMS BF-31B Wood Speaker Stands. I just wanted simple stands for my surround sound speakers and these are perfect for the price to accomplish what I wanted. It is 
Pretty nice Clock Radio. I didn t want to fork over 500 for a BOSE or Boston Acoustics, or even 350 for a Cambridge Soundworks, and then I found this 
Great Proformer. This Bluetooth GPS work great with my Notebook and Pocket Pc, easy setup no problems so far with different software I use  
Cooler Master NotePal Widescreen Notebook Cooler. I bought this for my Dell XPS M170 after I was having issues that seemed to be related to heat. When I play my 
Great. This kvm switch is great. Its compact and simple. I would recomend this product to anyone who has a usb mouse and keyboard. I am using it to switch 
Good for what it is. I bought the docking version after I had purchased the yellow portable version minus the a c adapter that wouldn t hold a charge and 
YAY! more pictures. I love my sony camera, and to have a bigger memory stick is great. I have never had memory failure with this card  
casio px110 privia. I am amazed at the quality!! It is so awesome and fun to play or just listen to the 60 pre recorded songs. The volume knob is 
Price is OK. I don t know what those other reviewers are talking about when they write that the price is outrageous, but if you are looking for a solution 
Extremely Fast Shipping!!!. The product functions properly as expected, I used to it to hook my computer to an old-school television, but I was impressed the most by the speed 
Good camera, bad setup instructions. For the money the camera is OK, but setup is a nightmare. Needs better instructions...  
Must Buy. The best LCD TV. Competitive Pricing, superb Picture! Sound quality is good too. Easy to use, and intuitive. You will not be disappointed.  
Great for those with an HD tv. I had previously been using generic component cables on a conventional 32 tv, and my ps2 looked fine. Once I moved to a 
What can I say? It s a nice book holder. I really don t have much to say about this book holder, not that it s just a book holder. 
Bluetooth Adapter works great. I bought this adapter to work with a Dell laptop with Bluetooth built in and a HP A710 Photosmart photoprinter. After plugging it in to the 
SIRIUS RADIO MOUNT. THIS PRODUCT IS VERY EASY TO INSTALL.I WAS VERY IMPRESSED WITH THE QUALITY.IT IS VERY SOLID AND STURDY  
Great product with useful information. This product is pretty accurate and works pretty well in the Washington DC metro area. The traffic reports are MUCH better than any on the 
Very Good - Absolutely no problem. I used almost 8-10 DVDs till now to backup my data. All got burned easily and working without any problem  
Why can t all cartridges track this perfectly????. After years of hitting my head against the wall in total frustration, I finally found the right cartridge for me in Audio 
Very Good. Exactly what i needed....shipping was fast and product was perfect. Very Satisfie  
Big, ULTRA-FAST, and EASIEST TO SET UP EVER!. This was the easiest hard drive I had to set up. It is so fast, I boot into windows XP Pro in 
Excellent docking station. The Altec Lansing IM510 has an excellent sound and is certainly a good value for the money. I highly recommend it  
Great for the price - look no further. After reading many reviews I decided that for the price this was going to suit my needs.Hopefully I can dispell some of 
Good mouse for value. I bought it as a work mouse and it has not failed me yet. It does all it needs to without issues. Easy to install  
Great. This is a wonderful answer to the age old problem, there is never a telephone line where you need it. It is very easy to set up and get 
Works fine. Whats not to like?. No problems here. Holds more pictures than my 13 year old can take in 24 hours  
Highwayguy. Excellent GPS Unit for the most part. What s lame is the Garmin people. I notified them of a major new Highway in SE Massachusetts, that I helped build, 
Terrific Product. I am so grateful to all the reviewers of this product for convincing me to give it a try. I have a six-year old Hitachi DVD player, and 
Great Value. I purchased the Z-4i s after researching computer speakers on line and listening to some. I decided on these, plus they match my MacMini.They are a good value 
This Is Great For The Price... ... But for the price this is a great little player. I love the interface, I love the software and I love the arm 
Great Batteries. The batteries charge in the charger very quickly and hold a charge really well, all at a super price  
Great 22 Monitor for the Price. I ve been using this monitor for about a month now. So far, I m pretty impress by it. I did not look at 
Frustrating CD - makes it hard to tune your guitar!. The book itself it pretty good, but the CD has some flaws. The first track is to tune your guitar. 
great external burner. I have been using the Sony DRX830U external burner for about over a month and I have not had one problem. I use it both with my 
I would recommend this item. This is a well made quality case. It won t provide the full protection you would get from a laptop bag, obviously, but it does 
Laser Mouse 6000. This is a small but not Minnie Mouse. Works very well, Linux picks it up USB and it works great. Windows requires drivers provided to use all 
Cruzer Mini 256 MB Flash Drive. It s little. It holds a bunch of data. It s so easy to use even my copilot can understand it. It s the 
Excellent. It has password protection and enough space to hold all my documents. When I travel I can yank it out of my PC, stuff it into my tablet pc 
Saitek Pink keyboard and mouse combo. The keyboard and mouse both work fabulously and they re both so delightfully pink.Any lover of the color pink should definitely purchase this combo 
Easy to set up and works very well. We had used One For All remotes for years but when we got our Tivo a year or so ago I couldn 
All expectations meet. Purchased this item to use in Pre-K class. Kids love it in the music center. Liked it so much bought an extra for home  
good cam...1 or 2 cons. resolution is better than average. kinda hard to manipulate without pressing the damn button on top....and doesNt quite sit on my flat panel as demonstrated 
A Great Guitar. I think this guitar is a very good product and durable. It is a good learning devise  
Better than I expected. This is the quietest PSU I ve heard. When I got it I couldn t believe how big it was and worried it might not fit 
Fun Toy. My kids ages 8,9,&10 all love to play with this accordian. It plays loud not like a cheap toy it sounds pretty even when no particular song is 
Great hub - just a few minor issues. PROSSmallCuteSelf-powered - comes with a power adaptor. I have 6 devices hooked up to it, including 2 USB Hard Drives, and it 
Does the job. It s a simple device, so there s not to say about it other than it does the job. You should note that the LEDs on the 
3.5 stars...well, what do you expect for 6 bucks?. There s not a snowballs chance in hell that I would spend 100 extra on some fancy case for my ipod, 
It works great, but there are issues with it. The card works great in my new 10 MP Pentax camera. I did have some difficulty getting the reader and card 
good. i dont speak english, i am from Paraguay..your product is verry good... thanks  
Nice Wecam. I have used webcams from different manufacturers and this one is a nice webcam especially with the price you pay  
GREAT MP3 FOR THE PRICE. I HAVE ABOUT 5 MP3 PLAYERS. SO FAR THIS ONE IS THE BEST. THE BATTERY LIFE IS EXCELLENT. HAS PLENTY OF SPACE FOR SONGS.VERY EASY 
Great Notebook adapter. I just installed the Linksys WPC54GX4 Wireless-G adapter in my older 2003 Compaq Presario laptop and linked to my Linksys WRT54GX4 router. It works flawlessly and I 
Does the job at a low price. This memory card is great - great quality and allows my 6 mp camera to take TONS of pictures. I highly recommend this 
Good answer to overheatnig laptop. I ve had this for about a year now and I m still very pleased with it. It works well as a notebook stand and 
Good pictures, easy to use. Just one more review to agree that the pictures look like from the photo store and the printer, paper, cartridges, and software are very easy 
Not bad, but slightly disappointed... Pros: Mouse comes with rechargeable battery AA NiMH and charger base Mouse seems to have less delay than other wireless mice I ve used Keyboard 
At least you won t misplace this remote!. Identical to the smaller version provided in Bose OEM packaging except in size, these large remotes all but guarantee you won t 
Looks great sounds okay. Can t beat the look for the price and the sound is what you pay for. With that you can decide, its No BOSE but you 
Recommended. Does the job. Flexible. does the job and no complaints. These type of splitters are ideal because you don t have to worry about it breaking from bending. I 
Exactly right. Good purchase. Straight forward install under kitchen cabinets.Good balance -- good example of getting what you pay for. Didn t expect it to pump out the sound but 
Good price. This amazing piece of technology is a good deal when you think about usefull vrs price. I recomend it  
Excellent service from Lexar. I own many Lexar memory cards and am very satisfied with their performance. However, I must add that LEXAR USA provides EXCELLENT service. I live in 
Works great, good range. This product was well designed. The unit charges one battery while the other is inside the transmitter in the remote. When the charge runs out, swap 
Great Headphones. These are a superb sounding headset at a very decent price. From this perspective, the item is a no-brainer. The sound is clean, full, taut, and very well 
Great Little Gadget. OK, so you want to play your two hundred dollar iPod to someone on the move. These little speakers will surprise you, as you take them out 
Audio Technica AT-PL50. I was pleasantly surprised! I got more than I anticipated, and the delivery was prompt! It suits my needs to a T  
As expected. just as good as expected. don t use it on anything shin  
Sony speakers. I have purchased two sets of these speakers from the same company and have been very satisfied with the company and the product. I was looking for a 
Great memory, good price. I purchased this card for a Canon A95 digital camera, primarily because Canon sells this card at their website and because I read somewhere that SimpleTech 
Convenient. Lets you charge your player in the kitchen, by your cell phone, instead of having to take it in by the computer.It works just fine for what it is, 
As Good as any other Blank DVDs. I ve burned about 200 memorex 4.7gb DVDs and havent had a single coaster.. works for me  
Good Deal!!!. Order this to try and save on money since I didnt need a whole lot of outlets, I pluged my computer to it and TV. On a full 
Awesome product. These Netgear powerline adapters worked perfectly, right out of the box. I live in a fairly new two-story home built in 93 , and all of the electrical 
Great value for an external DVD CD combo drive. We bought this external drive after learning that our friends lost all but a couple months worth of photos and or 
Wonderful product if your laptop supports it. This is card is awesome! Thanks. I got it up and going and am using wpa. I put the SRX400 card in my 
I would buy it again. A neat little radio. I really appreciate the locking feature. This prevents the radio from changing status during operation or non-operation. The negatives are the 
Parallel print server. Instructions inadequate, including downloaded PDF. Setup requires a ethernet connection to setup server. Inconvenient if the printer plotter is not in close proximity to the computer. Solution, 
works great. Installed with no problem. Using it for backup files. quick access to files  
Good to have on hand. I bought these for single discs of favorite movies. Plastic sleeve allows for printed matter. Push-button keeps discs securely in place. Good deal.  
Works great, User friendly. The Uniden PRO538W works great! As long as you have a good quality antenna set up, and take the time to tune everything with an SWR 
It serves the purpose well. POSITIVES:-Slick design and looks good mounted on the wall.-Plays MP3 songs burned on a CD-Good sound & loud enough not for parties -It serves the 
Works but.. I purchased this cable to connect a PC to Samsung S4095D HDTV. And the cable worked great; but.. be warned that connecting PCs to HDTVs via DVI HDMI 
Sturdy and easily posed. The gem of this mount is the swivel plate that attaches to the TV. It s a dish mounted in a little bowl and can pivot 
Clear Prints. I use this paper to print out the original copies of my association newsletter. It makes VERY clear original prints, which then are used to make color copies 
great monitor, consider this instead of a 24 inch. I looked around for a while and was going to splurge for the dell 24 but then hit the brick and 
Look no further for an MP3 player, you got it. Excellent performance, I ve been using it for 3 months now, nothing even earphones is broken. I bought it from 
Scott in Maine. The Creative Zen is outstanding. Took a little while to get use to the controls but the sound is incredible. I bought one for my wife as 
NOT A BAD DEAL. AT THE TIME THAT I BOUGHT THESE, IT CAME OUT TO 12.00 PER UNIT 24.00 FOR THE PAIR VERY GOOD DEAL...AMAZON ADVERTISES THAT IT COMES WITH 
Adequate portable security. As the saying goes, if someone really wants what you have they will find a way to get it. There are 2 reasons I purchased this lock: 
Best sound for small size. I bought this mainly to listen to in my medium sized bedroom, but found it also filled my larger living room with undistorted sound on 
Exactly what I was looking for. First, this case is beautiful to me anyway . I ve looked at sleeves, silicon slip cases, clear acrylic cases, flip cases, etc. And 
Excellent for the price. Our department of Engineering purchased several of these to use with electrical engineering lab experiments. We have been impressed with the clear sound quality and the 
A great price for a great battery. My daughter uses a Cochlear Implant that has the option of being powered by 3 AA batteries. We have tried several brands trying 
Very good to help with all those lost spaces on the outlets. This is a very practical way to use the lost spot on outlets by the transformers that will 
Does exactly what it it supposed to do. I ve been wanting a product like this for a very long time. Hotel rooms never seem to have enough outlets on 
great sale price. I have been buying reconditioned cartridges with negative results half of the time. This was a great sale price for this cartridge and the new ones work 
Works fine, but know what you are doing. I received this last week. Upon opening the box, there is only the drive in the packing, exactly as it appears on 
works as advertised. very cheap compared to others. built in cables are thin looking but seem to produce fine pictures  
Works Great. I purchased this flash drive to travel to Mexico and back up critical files for medical mission work. I worked great. No problems. I love the design as 
You must try this machine!. We had the greatest Christmas this year because of this machine. Family members of all ages migrated to this machine on Christmas day. Now 3 
Sweet. I have two Wireless airports and this works great for both.You get the Digital mini to Tos link cable,The same in an analog mini to a left right RCA 
very good. i bought this electric guitar for my dougter, and she recibed very fastthe product is very good so my dougter is very happy and im too  
Awesome!. Me and 3 of my friends used this marvel of technology to make a Halo 2 machinima movie about Dane Cook s Heist Monkey bit and it worked like 
Venture. My first GPS and I have had no problems at all. Bought primarily for geocaching, but working well for car navigation as well. Able to get out caching right 
creative zen v plus. i love my mp3 and so does everyone else. i wish the battery did not cost so much to replace. it s pretty easy to us 
Nice, long-lasting batteries. Just wanted to echo what others have said, that these batteries seem to really last. I received a new camera and was using generic rechargeable batteries in 
Worked like a charm!. So glad we checked the internet before paying the 125 that the retailer who sold us the TV would have charged. More money for us  
Little, yellow, different. If you have a pair of Shure headphones, you will need more of these! Probably the most expensive way of fitting the headphones to your ears, but 
tapes seem okay. I ve just used one tape, and it seems to work fine. For my purposes, buying them in bulk is best  
Very workable!. Found the sound to be very acceptable. I previously bought Sony s SRS-A27 portable speakers. Here is the comparison:The Sony A27 s are possibly louder than the T55 
Very fast cards. This CompactFlash is designed for serious professional photographers who demand a fast, rugged, and a durable memory card. Amateur Professional photographers who work under less than ideal 
great product. Received the mount in two days. All hardware is top notch, mount is very sturdy and I felt comfortable hanging my plasma from it. Was up in less 
In and out 4 times = photo. I got the Canon CP400 printer a while back so I could make the occasional print to hand out or put silly captions 
Fantastic. I bought these to replace some old Koss Princess Leia headphones that just bit the dust completely the other day. I always say, if something breaks, get something better. 
No coasters and they print great!. After burning about 50 DVD s, I have no coasters. The surface prints just beautifully. I use a Epson R-320 printer and the results 
Belkin are the best. This firewire cable is simply great. Not much more you can say about a cable is there  
Well worth the money!. I am extremely pleased with this MP3 player. It holds tons of songs and is very easy to use. The headphones are some of the best 
Awesome Case. For it s basic design - this case is perfect. I covers all the important parts of your video iPod - including the click wheel - and the 
Excellent. Two days ago my new Samsung SyncMaster 214T arrive. It s 21 , 1600x1200. It s gorgeous -- bright, crisp, great colors. Using it connected via DVI to a 
HP 1018. This is my first laser printer and I m really impressed with it. The printer is quiet, fast and was very easy to set up. The price was 
For the price. I didn t expect too much from this card but man did it surprise me! A good buy  
Great service. Ordered this item 12 13, came within 3 days at the height of the christmas shopping season. Very impressive  
DPEN-R700. Great little device. I am in the construction business, and can carry this to the field make copies on the hood and send via email to engineers for corrections.WOW 
Best for the Money. The Tablet is great. It s 12 x 9 for half the price of the other brands! I find that its easy to use and install. 
Pink Flip iPod case. This is a quality case--sturdy and practical. Only drawback for me was the lack of a belt clip. This case must be hand-held or kept in 
don t get fooled thinking that you need a more expensive cable. I bought this after buying and being satisfied with the equivalent 16 ft HDMI cable.The cable works great 
Arm Strength in Question. If you plan on using a 19 monitor with this arm, make sure you check out the weight first. The arm will NOT hold a 19 
Lexmark Black Inkjet Cartridge. I have been quite pleased with these cartridges. However, I would like to find the long-life one and didn t see it on the list of 
Perfect for Home Theatre. I spent months researching not knowing anything about projectors when I was building my 12 by 20 foot room and this projector works perfect. You will 
Nice GPS. I gave my mother-in-law my old Color SporTrack so she could start Geocaching. I was in search of a handheld unit with a bigger brighter screen. This unit 
All those cords! but iPod s volume doesn t control output volume . Overall great. The output of the dock outputs a static line-level that is unaffected by the iPod 
Nice device for the price. This has excellent digital sound for the price. I was surprised at how much better it made my CD s sound compared to my other 
Shure EA650 Level Attenuator. This product works great; it does exacly what I hoped it would do. I travel overseas often and like to use my own headphones to listen 
The potential of Apple TV. Apple TV receives criticism for its small hard drive, restriction to iTunes video format, and lack of Dolby 5.1 support. Nevertheless, it is a good 
Good cable For the . Cable works great,Delivers the signal with no apparent loss in quality,My only complaint is that it s not very flexible,the outer casing is made out 
HP Scanjet 4370. I found this scanner to be quite fast and efficient; I m very satisfied with it  
Good bargain for a geek. It works great for me. I am an IT person so it s not really hard for me to figure it out. But my feeling 
Canon ink is the best for your Canon. I have used generic inks and was not happy with any of them. If you are printing pictures make sure you use 
Great Cabinet, but be warned... If you ve seen this piece at the local stores you ve probably heard that they come assembled. Well, the Amazon version requires assembly. While 
A little hard to install, but nice product. Sounds nice but a little cumbersome to install. For what I needed it for, this does the trick  
It s...a cable. It s a TOSLINK cable. Not much to say. Sturdy build, it works, gets the job done  
NICE PRODUCT. It s a nice wall mount for the price that I paid for. I hang my 42 inches TV in my bedroom and save a lot of space 
Straighten up those CD s and DVD s. I live in a small home where every inch matters. This slim shelving is perfect for organizing my CD s and DVD 
ValueRAM 1GB 400MHZ DDR PC3200. Price is average. Delivery is fast and easy. We did save a little bit by ordering online. Not the best price around, but it does 
Quite possibly the perfect remote. Several years ago I picked up a Sony RM-VL900. I was amazed at how versatile it was. Easy to program, it did everything, and my 
very easy to set up and flexible storage. I bought one of these a year ago, and have really liked the fact that the spaces will hold up to 5 
great product. this is way better than water. i cleaned my plasma screan and my computer screen and it works perectly well  
Home-Business owner. This cartridge lasts twice as long as the smaller one, and is only a few dollars more in money. Extremely well worth it! And the price through Amazon 
Exactly what I needed!. I ve taken over 900 photos for a acrossthestreetfilms.com, constantly filling up the card and unloading them onto a laptop and have not had any problems. 
GE Phone. The phone arrived very quickly as promised in the advertisement and functions as advertised. I like the clarity and battery life. I purchased this phone since I have 
Microsoft Wireless Optical Mouse. pretty standard mouse I think.Reciever on the floor and mouse on the desk and it has been working fine, no faults as of yet  
Portable and easy. I found this product to be very user friendly. It s ultraslim design makes it ideal for traveling. It s not heavy or bulky. The play back 
Great Reasonable Sized LCD TV. We got this tv for our master bedroom and were replacing an old tube tv. We are very pleased with the upgrade! We highly recommend 
Great Results, Easy Install. I live in the Dallas Fort Worth Metroplex and had a hard time finding a station without any signal for my XM Radio to play through. 
Much more than I needed. This is a nice scanner but being a novice it s way to sofisticated for me. I just wanted to listen to the local emergency 
THIS IS THE PAD YOU ARE LOOKING FOR. This is one sweet mouse pad. Mouse slides like on a sheet of ice. I Love it. Also Big, Really big. Nice 
Good headphones for the price. The sound quality for the headphones are good for the price. They don t block noise too well, but what do you expect they are 
Can t complain for the price. I recieved this DVD player as a Christmas gift. I know it s a cheap dvd player and got it as a gift, so 
EB s and the REviews..... I ve had these headphones for a month now. One word: OUTSTANDING! You will not be disappointed at all. They do the job convincingly and 
Works. Not much to say here. It works. Easily adjustable with just your feet. Feels good wearing socks  
Great Phone. I like to try new tech products all the time, but am usually disappointed. Had this phone for a week, and am very happy. Same quality as pstn 
Love this!. I am so glad I got this. We had an iTrip transmitter but live in such a dense area radio signal-wise it was almost useless, we were constantly 
Amazing Processor. At its level I think this processor is just amazing... Eventhough your pc is using over 50 of it capacity, it can still run other application with any 
Transmitter and Charger work great!. This product has worked just as I wanted. It was easy to program and transmits over my car stereo great. I also like how it 
Works with Linux!. It s not without a little pain, but it does work. You have to pull down the Windows driver for the card, then use your distro s 
real 5.1 sound. Bought them 3 years ago -- it is really good solution for viewing 5.1 DVD or playing EAX games, it also have Very nice high but...First thing 
Pioneer PD-F1009 301. Great invention to those who don t want to be attached to an IPOD, and like an updated version of a juke box . Easy to use, 
How many pictures will it store?. How many pictures will it store? It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the 
Pretty cool. This case is pretty nice- it protects the screen which is so great and i can slip it in my backpack without worrying about something happening to it! 
Does the Job. It has become nearly impossible to find a compact stereo of any quality with a cassette deck and an Aux input. I mean what is with the 
I LOVE IT!!!. I ENJOY IT EVERYDAY... GOOD SELECTION.... !!!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.... DON T BE AFRAID... GO FOR IT!!! AND SING ALL DAY LONG...  
Best Earbuds. I hate the earphones that come with IPod. Not sure why everyone else doesn t hate. They never stay in my ear and are uncomfortable. Went through several 
Fast disk cloning. While I ve read the mixed reviews here and at other sites, my experience was positive. It installed easily with no glitches. From some of what I 
Excellent TV. We bought this TV earlier this week from Circuit City. Absolutely amazing picture and sound quality. The Circuit City sales man wanted to sell a lot of accessories 
GREAT JOYSTICK !!! Logitech is BEST !!!. I own Logitech everything, from Sub woofer sound system to Orbit ball mouse to this joystick. EVERYTHING they make is GREAT!!!No problems whatsoever 
Works like it should. I have to admit, thus far I have only used the converter one time. It worked exactly as it was designed. Plug and play. I hooked 
4 1 2 Stars I really love this. Bought this device and Fell in love with it. The screen is great, The audio is excellent. It also has a bass 
Great for storing those DVD s!!!. Everyone so far is right. This is a great product to store your dvd s. You do have to trim the covers to fit. 
Excellent for a small radio!. I m an electronics engineer, an active AM, SW, HF, VHF, & UHF listener explorer, with antennas on my roof in the middle of a 
Really like it. No problems with this SanDisk. I can take about 300 pictures from my Nikon camera. Quality is perfect.  
Excellent, with one major flaw. I ve been using this player for about a month, and while I hate the computer interface, I do really enjoy it in operation. The 
Memroex CD paper sleeves. It does have some smell as memtioned by some reviewers, but it is not too strong. It is a good buy as it is cheap  
Fits perfectly. I don t have much room on my desk, but this copy holder fits perfectly and is still sturdy enough to hold up most texts.  
VCooler: good or bad?. Beats me, I just got it yesterday but I ll update this review as time passes.I have an HP and they seem to be prone to 
great 2 line phone. If your looking for a 2 line phone...this is it. It has many options. Handset is a great size, with no bulky antenna  
Logitech Cordless Headphones for PC. Product was just as advertized and in brand new condition. It was delivered 3 days from purchase and well in time to be given for 
Best sounding mp3 FLAC Ogg Vorbis player. I ve owned Creative Zen and Ipods, but nothing can touch this thing. If you have nice home or car stereo equipment, this 
Great product. My headphone cord always got tangled, but this winds out to however long you need it to be and the spring allows it to wind back up when 
Not really what I expected... I bought these wipes to clean my laptop s screen but I cannot say that I was satisfied. After cleaning which is ok they tend 
GPS BELIEVER. MUCH BETTER THAN ASKING ON STAR. POPS UP AUTOMATICALLY AND LETS YOU KNOW THE SEVERITY OF TRAFFIC NOT JUST THAT A REPORT HAS BEEN ANOUNCED  
This Stereo is awesome. I have one of these stereos in three of my stores and they are the best thing I have ever had. You can hook your computer 
Simple and Sleek. I like the uncomplicated control and the light weight. It is exactly what I was looking for: to lie in bed and listen to relaxing CDs. For 
After All the Research, This One s the One. Who doesn t love music with their shower? I originally purchased a much pricier player from The Sharper Image, which stopped 
Exactly what I was looking for. For sub- 100, this little stereo does everything I need it to. This micro unit is truly small: it fits on top of our 
Excellent. Order was shipped very promptly. Sale price was a steal. Easy to use and performance is great. Very satified with product and purchase  
Works great but needs a safety feature added. You just insert this item into your camera and run it for 10 seconds. It is very clear: only do it for 
Excellent down-to-basic Mouse and it looks good. After going through nearly 6 mouses including several of the Microsoft mouses , I settled on this because its round contuour shape and 
Sanus VMPL50B Universal Flat Panel TV wall mount bracket. I have order 5 of these thus far and I have no complaints on the mount. This mount is very sturdy 
coooool temps. this thing is a beast, i overclocked my e6300 to 3.3 and it stays at 37c and 65c full load. did i mention it looks amazing in a 
Great Looks AND Sound!. I think these are the best looking speakers out there. The coolest part may be the blue lights underneath the left and right speakers. They really 
Western Digital 250 GB SATA Hardrive OEM. This was an OEM version that contained no support software. This was nota problem as it was easily obtained thru WD s website. 
Great DVD Player. This is a great little portable DVD player. Only one complaint---the sound is poor when not using headphones--but what can one expect for such a small player? 
Totally Awesome Device. This is the third CardScan device that I have owned. The last a few years ago. Got sick of looking at the piles of business cards in 
Great little GPS!!!. This little unit works flawlessly. Paired effortlessly with my VX6700, and I was navigating with TomTom in minutes. Some of the best features:-Uses the same battery as 
A good keyboard. Good, but just short of great. The key action is nice and light, the low-travel makes it very easy for your fingers to really fly across the 
It rocks compared to Escort 8500 Blue. I had a Cobra XRS-9330 for 23 months and helped me lot to warn WELL in advance. Never got a ticket. But as 
Ink is ink. What can I say, it s an ink cartridge. You get a lot of pages out of it, its great quality, and thats about it  
just a note. I ve got this label maker to. It works fine. Couldn t find anything as cheap with so many features.PROS.Cost less than most.Works.Many features.Worth it.Pretty easy to 
Great printer for the price. I talked my boss into buying a LaserJet 1020 for me to use at work, mostly for printing work tickets and service requests for equipment 
Redwood tree in the line of sight. I was shocked at the negitive wireless hardware reviews from all the Manufacturers. I chose Belkin for the Lifetime Warranty. Surprise, the software 
Great Phone!. This is a perfect phone for my needs. I can make it silent if I don t want to be disturbed, I can set the volume for the 
Sony VRD-MC1. I have purchased over two dozen of these units. This is the best unit for the price. There are a few things that are a real plus one 
Great transaction. This was a great transaction, the product was as described new , everything including shipping was great  
Great Speakers and I am a recovering audiophile . I bought these to use with my desktop computer system. I had a spare Paradigm subwoofer, so I added that to 
Again, so far, so great. It really is nice to have an external card on the SP-320 that holds almost 600 pictures instead of the internal card which held less 
Great Product. I received it well packaged and installed that very night. I did not worry about direction and just laid it on a top shelf inside, on the first 
Works like a champ. Works great. Saw one review where he wasn t getting optimal performance where he couldn t get jumbo frames working which may or may not be 
Great Reader compared to Other. This reader and writer is absolutely fantastic! I bought this after returning the Biostar 6 in 1 reader from Newe g. That unit would not 
fabrique ltd leather case for Zaurus SL5500. I felt very fortunate to find this, they are no longer made. The case came quickly with no hassle, and it is an 
Great Product. We had purchased a DVD recorder and within 5 6 months of continued use we noticed the picture quality was very poor, I contacted the place that we 
Visor Deluxe. Unit works about as expected, with possible exception of a few areas of the screen that are not too sensitive to the touches from the stylus. So far 
Pleasantly Surprised. I just recieved my new Eton FR 300 Emergency Radio. Right out of the box I was able to function all controls. FM stations pulled in better than 
AWESOME BASS, BUT...... great IEM S,THE BASS IS REALLY THUMPING AND THEY PROVIDE REASONABLE NOISE ISOLATION.THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAVE ,IS THAT WHEN YOU COMPARE THEM TO OTHER IEM S, 
It s also a USB drive. I need a USB drive for work, from time to time. The one I bought years ago 64MB just died. I was actually driving 
TDK SA IS CD Rot s Arch Enemy. People have been saying for years that tapes would die, but fortunately, they never seem to. I know a number of people 
Granddaughter s graphing calculator. The product was what my granddaughter wanted to do her math assignments. She is 15 years old and #1 in her class.The only problem was the 
Cordless Phone. This phone works very well. It has many functions options that make life easier in a busy household. I have not had any trouble yet with the battery 
Awesome product... Just the perfect screen you ll ever need to keep those prying eyes away from any angle. You need to be directly in line with it to get 
Excellent quality but could be painful for spectacle wearers. As usual, a quality product from Sony. The fit over the ears is good and music sounds as good as it 
With only using it for short period of time. I ve bought it for my mom and tested it for some weeks before I send it to her. Overall It 
Great results but a gas I mean ink guzzler. This printer is easy to set up and use and produces striking results with Photoshop, but it drinks ink by the 
Reliable hub. I went through two other, cheaper USB 2.0 hubs that didn t work before I settled on this one on sale. This one provides reliable power to the 
Love it!. I was surprised to see this item rated as low as it is on this site. This is a wonderful product and I have always found the word 
Serves Its Purpose Perfectly. I was a bit hesitant to purchase this item after reading some of the negative reviews. However, upon receiving it, I was very happy. I did 
Harmony remote a snap to program and use. I bought this remote because my elderly parents had one and kept calling me for technical support ...so I went out and 
Excellent bag. Okay, this was larger than I thought it would be, so I m having some qualms about bringing this on the plane, since I usually put my bag 
Nice-especially for the price. I really like this joystick. It has all the buttons most of us need. I especially like the dial on the underside that allows you to 
A good choice. This is a very nice TV for the money. Great picture and with the built in DVD player that plays CD s I was able to remove 
FASTservice--Excellent Product. The product is exactly as represented in the photo and description. It was mailed to me the same day I ordered. Super good service.  
CHEAPIE BUT GOODIE. I only paid 30 including shipping and taxes. The ink cartridges alone are worth that. Printer works great.Set up easy BUT DO NOT USE THE CD PROVIDED, 
Yeah the manual is lacking, but it s pretty intuitive. I bought this in spite of the negative reviews from other purchasers. The manual, if you can call it that, 
Same as Tecsun. Living in Shanghai on assignment, I wanted to get a radio that would give me Voice of America and other stations that I cannot get with AM 
Just the thing ... Fantastic for any and every iPod user. Top quality headphone from a top quality company. These headphones are nice and light without feeling flimsy. And the 
QUIET AT LAST!!. I bought these for my son because of the constant beating of the drums coming from his room. He loves them, for the price they do the 
Great Case. The Nano needs some kind of case along with any other iPod to prevent scratches and wear and tear. This case has all of that. It comes with 
excellent deal!. I got it at very reasonable price approx 4 bucks sells for 9-10 at retail stores. Works great and nothing can beat this deal!!!! only if its free...!! 
Perfect for my needs. I got this for my baby s room. I was worried about the sound quality as per the other reviews, but it s quite good though 
Absolutely Satisfied - Love the color!. I love the eVo3. It s such a snug fit, very attractive, and protects my iPod s screen as well as the wheel. The 
Best CD-Rs are on the market. Memorex, Maxell, TDK, HP, and many other disks are behind verbatim in quality. These CD-Rs are very compatible with so many devices, they are 
IT WORKS!. This little thing works! The read and write speed are fast, I m very happy with it  
Great surround sound!. This is a great little card for the money. Also includes a good software interface  
Excellent Double Cases. Quality for sure. Well priced. Note...due to the design...no roomto add a cover sheet. Write on the case or insert the disc with the recorded surface facing 
scanner. I liked options and text edit. I really liked the ability to scan into Micsoft Word  
Works Great. I bought this with some hesitation after reading one negative review...but I m glad I got it because it works great but keep in mind you have to 
great TV beautiful picture. This is my second Panasonic plasma. The first was an EDTV Monitor, before they actually made them with tuners. I ve had the first one for 
Print from anywhere. The Linksys WPS54g wireless print server has really stopped allot of headaches in our house. It s nice not having our computer on all the time just 
First HDTV - Great....until the software update. I bought this TV in March of this year 2006 and it has worked perfectly until the Sony Techs came out and updated 
Works if you re careful to follow directions. I had little problem getting this to work under Windows XP SP2. The unit I received warns you not to plug it 
Great Deal. I recently purchased this item and I am very happy with its performance and quality. I use it daily in the gym it delivers excellent sound and you 
Exceptional. Totally satisfied and will definitely reorder from Amazon. The Cartridges are fresh and full  
Cannon connect cables to the IPod with this metal case. Cannon connect cable to the IPod with this metal  
Adaptor Happy. This was a great purchace, price delivery and most of all it works. Praise God and God bless you.pastor michae  
Great TV. This is a great TV. Looks nice and has a wonderful picture. Big and heavy as most tube TV s are, though. Also, there is no S-video or 
Great Sound, Great Unit, Great Value. I have this in the bedroom connected to a 13 TV it plays DVDs as well as CDs . The sound is great and 
BEST MOUNT - Really looks, and works great!. The solid universal construction and built in levelers and all the hardware that COMES with it make it my favorite mount! The 
Awesome product space saver. I wish I searched, found, & purchased one earlier. I m a road warrior with laptop. I work from home at times & have a desktop. 
Good connectors for the money. Speaker connectors are important - they ensure good conductivity and protect speaker cable and components from long-term corrosion. But speaker cable connectors aren t cheap 
Good product. I was concerned with keeping my new toy safe from the elements. This product fits and performs perfectly. I am impressed with the fact that it is thin 
Awesome little speakers!. I admit, I was skeptical that these little speakers would sound good, but boy was I proven wrong! Sound is round, full and deep. I even compared 
A . The sound that comes out of that little machine is awesome.It has a eq that I did not know about. The WoW system that is in it makes 
Belkin Wireless works great. This was easy to install and worked great with no issues. Good value for the money  
The power I needed. I shopped around for a long time trying to find just the right power booster for my 30 gig video ipod. The less than 3 hour 
OK. This CF card is perfect for anybody who needs a high capacity e.g. for hi-res pics but doesn t care about the transfer speed. It may be a bit 
Unlike other USB Hubs. This is very well designed. It give you 4 USB Port but two on opposite sides. This is very clever becase you have plug in devices 
Great Stuff. This piece of art destroys everything from paper to CD S it even pulverizes credit cards. If you are concerned with your privacy buy it. It s also 
Great Training Helper. I love this watch! It has motivated me so much. You know that feeling when you feel like you just want to stop, well, with the Garmin, 
Wonderful clarity! Lightweight and modern!. This tv has amazing clarity. The picture is crystal clear. It s also so lightweight that it s easy to transport from room to room 
Magellan. I am very happy with my GPS system. I am the type of person who never knows where I am going and that doesn t bother me. But when 
works just fine. I bought this product to use on my wall mounted LCD monitor. It works frommy desk which is about 12 ft away. Setup was without issue and 
Mouse does everything it is supposed to. I purchased this mouse after I accidentally kicked the dongle for an older version in this series, killing my old mouse. This new 
Great and affordable product. This device is great. It allows the user to connect 3 component red, blue, green video devices with audio to one component audio video ready HDTV. 
Excellent. I bought my son the Creative Zen Micro Photo and he LOVES it, he got it as a graduation gift. I bought this one in pink for myself, get 
great product. I tried using the iPod earbuds as they came out of the box. They kept falling out or hurt my ears. These products reverse all the problems.  
Every Household Should Have One of These Radios. Sangean MMR77What is most impressive about this radio is its relative freedom from power issues. This radio is very conservative in its 
Excellent Portable DVD player. In the five months since we purchased this DVD player it has been on one month-long overseas vacation, several long car trips and has had one 
Better than the first shuffle. I bought the first shuffle when they first came out and was reluctant to buy a new one - even though it was cute and 
I love it.. AWESOME I ve had a scanner since i was 10 this is the best yet.  
Great home all-in-one. Just purchased last month and great results for faxing and printing. Haven t used the scanner function yet. A little noisy but not a problem. Great print 
If You re New to Radios, This Isn t the One. This is a fine pocket radio for people who need something small and don t want to suffer the 
The Wireless Lavalier Microphone Review. The Wireless Lavalier Microphone System is perfect for informational interviewing and personal media management. It provides a portable option to amplified audient properties and gives 
This is my 3rd ipod. I had a 1st generation shuffle and upgraded to a 60gb video which I adore! However, I found that whenever I went running I was 
Superb Product but finally had a BIG problem with it..... I used this CF card with my Canon Rebel XT. Write and transfer speeds are fast enough and never keeps 
My Revue of the Garmin 10. From the picture on amazon I thought this little gizmo was gona be a brick but to my surprise I opened the box and 
Amazing sound... First of all, I want to clarify that any reference here to bass is not a reference to rumbling, booming low ends of sound, but to the sound 
Great Bang for your buck !!. I purchased SanDisk about 2 months ago and so far I am very satisfied with its performance. I was looking for a chepear alterantive 
Harmony 670 Universal Remote. Excellent remote once you set it up the way you want to use it. Commands of choice for all 12 of my audio video components are 
Bloody Excellent. I hate apple products and especially the iPods - I wanted something that works just like a USB hard drive when it s plugged into my PC and 
DVD Player Rocks. I have been thrilled with the quality of this player. I bought it for the HDMI connection High Definition Multi Media Interface . The player has performed 
iaudio u2 great mp3 player. This little unit does it all.Plays all types of music files without a hitch.Downloading is a breeze and recharging from the usb port i find 
Excellent item. Even at the lowest volume level, my Shure E4C earphones are too loud for me when I am listening to music in quiet environments. This level attenuator does 
great product. thanks for shipping it so fast. it holds the portable dvd i bought for my daughter perfectly. it holds more dvds than we own. great product, thanks agai 
Great value!. I am able to tune in channels that were previously quite impossible here, with this little antenna!! The antenna on the roof of this building is completely useless, 
Easy to install. So far so good!. Having tried several network storage devices including Netgear and Linksys I have found the HP Media Vault easier to use, easier to set 
Cheaper then the Delphi but just as good!. Right off the bat you ll realize this our not as fancy as the newest xm portable radios made by Pioneer and 
Good little speakers!. I am very happy with this product. It folds super slim, so traveling with it is a breeze! Pretty good sound - not Bose quality, but for 
great radio. for the cost, this is an excelent buy. I had one before for many years and wanted the same model. Good sound and it draws in far away 
Superb as PC monitor. This review is of the Olevia 332H, which is the 32 version of this monitor. I wear bifocals and had been running a 17 CRT monitor 
Finally a home for my 400 disc s, now what to do with the 401st.. Pros:- 400 disc s- Sorting discs by name, category, etc- No reason to ever leave 
Worked perfect. I have a dvi port on my tv..this connected the PS3 hdmi port without instance. worked great  
Great sound, good alarm clock... does not work with 3g!!!. I bought this on a whim, since I ve been waking up to my 5 alarm-radio recently. The build quality 
Good quality cable. I bought several sets of component video cables, including the Acoustic Research AP091 and the Monster Ultra 1000. I have to admit that by looks alone, the 
Good Service. Just as expected and arrived on time- would do business again with same merchant -- very satisfie  
Sony Dream Machine Clock Radio-Great sound and function. Originally purchased for the bathroom but I misjudged the space so I had to substitute for the Emerson Smart radio on our 
Transcend. So far this seems to be an extremely effective and inexpensive way to store pictures captured with a multi-mega pixel digital camera. The sevice provided by this company shipping-wise 
Worked great, wish it lasted longer. My RCA RF modulator just went out on me. It appears the power adapter is no longer functioning properly. It lasted about 5 years.It 
Kingston TravelLite w 2Gb SD Card. Works great for transferring large jpg files. Plus, you dont drain the camera batteries as you will when using the camera USB cable to 
Good product. I was concerned with keeping my new toy safe from the elements. This product fits and performs perfectly. I am impressed with the fact that it is thin 
very good sound. as an extention, the price, the quality of sound, everything is perfect  
takes a beating and protects whats inside. Love it, if your looking for solid protection against drops, bangs and rough environments...this is your case. If your just looking for something 
Excellent phones. I purchased this phone bundle and am very happy with them. They have great features such as different ring tones for different callers, talking caller id and you 
Nifty Little Package That Travels Well. I am very happy with this printer. It s put together well, is light, has a light detachable battery and separate inks for color 
Love my new toy!. I purchased the Epson Snap about a month ago and I love it! It is very easy to use and prints pictures very quickly. I printed 
Great Sound and Easy to Use But There s a Catch. The Bose Wave Radio II is easy to use, has top-of-the-line speakers and has a high-quality build. I use 
This phone works fine. I don t understand the 1 star reviews, unless there is some product variability. Price was 60 at Target. Talk time is OK, although the longest 
It Rocks !!. I got my Sammy on 25th January. This 46 Samsung rocks, it s the best !!! It s wicked sweet. I don t regret not getting the 
works!. Ir really does! Setup is easy, and transfer to the PC as well. ocr is 85 without training, but my handwriting is not very good. The tags work excellently!! 
Great Addition to E2C. Unfortunately my e2c s didn t include these, only including the normal hard rubber and foam attachments.I was having problems with my e2c s hurting my 
Product desciption could be more specific. I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you must plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m 
GIFT. I bought this for my son and he hasn t said how he likes it . He lives in a different town and I don t get to see 
I love these speakers. This was a gift for Christmas and I absolutely love it. The sound is spectacular and it is nice to have something that I can carry 
beautiful product. easy installaiton, fast response, keyboard switch. My setting: Logitech MX-1000 wireless mouse, compaq wired keyboard. recommended.  
19 years on the same battery. Awesome watch. I ve owned this watch since 1988 and here it is 2007 and the battery still works! I ve replaced the wrist 
Pretty good. When i first open the box I was like wow it s small and so cool looking. I got it up and running in minutes and the alarm 
Good value for money. All,I Have used this card to connect to various routers and it works well. The Extreme G mode is problematic to enable sometimes. New drivers are 
Great. These CD s work great at 32x. I had a pack of these in cool color format with slim cases. These sound great and burn with no problems. The 
Great looks and sound. I have this radio for two weeks now. I am very satisfied with the reception of AM, FM and Short Wave -- very sensitive. Has great 
Simple. This item was easy to use, I like simplicity. Although the battery does not last as long as the box claimed  
good price for what i needed. i found one of these at best buy that was 60 dollars, so i thought i would check online first, glade i did, was 
Everything my nephew was looking for. This was a gift for my nephew.He wanted a small cassette recorder to tape music off of websites of radio stations not in our 
LEXMARK INK. I HAVE BEEN USING LEXMARK INK FOR SEVERAL YEARS WITHOUT ANYPROBLEMS OR DEFECTIVE MATERIA  
Scott in Maine. The Creative Zen is outstanding. Took a little while to get use to the controls but the sound is incredible. I bought one for my wife as 
Good Power Supply but.... I m having bad luck with power supplies. I originally purchased a 450 watt which said noiseless all over the box, and it was only about 
Remote. Son wanted to control computer music from sofa at college. Says it works great  
good deal overall. overall i m very happy. i wish there was a resume feature for cds with mp3s on them. other then that - it s good  
Works Great. It works great for us . we use it to control a Tivo unit in anther room. We love it  
Mounted on Motorcycle. I have this mount on my motorcycle cruiser . Quick to mount, rubber gasket to protect the handlebars, easy to snap the GPS in and out so 
pretty good microphone. this is a pretty good microphone, way better than on board camcorder microphones. A lot of people complaine that they can hear the camcorder motor noises with 
Excellent - Just What I Needed. Just what I needed to allow two wirelessly connected computers to use one printer. I particularly wanted the Linksys because I have an ALL-Linksys 
Rave Speakers. I looked at all my options for bookshelf speakers, as everyone does. I didn t want to pay more then 100 for a pair. The bass responce for 
the best. Bought this for my 385 photosmart printer. it is gust great & makes the printer so portable. i can now take the printer with me anywhere.I get about 
Ink Cartridge. This particular cartridge seems to hold up well and produces nice quality prints. When Ink powder does get low after many copies you can remove the cartridge and 
Add the MX 310 with the G5 you get G3 perfection!. I was pretty happy with the MX 310 for about a year. I m still happy with it for 
Just arrived! Looks great!. I got this pack on a popular on line auction site for 27 plus 15 shipping. I read the reviews here and checked out photos. This 
Great Case for Price. I like that the shoulder strap is easily removed so I can carry it by the handle when necessary. It is compact but still holds all 
Great deal on a 1 gb MP3 player. The thing I liked about this, besides the price, is that you don t need any cables to transfer music. All you 
Takes a speed hit in games. I bought this CPU to replace my Core 2 Extreme X6800 since everyone said Quad core is the way to go.Simply put, if you 
comfortable, functional, overall great. Very rugged enclosure and the band adjusts comfortably around your upper arm. I actually use it not only when I am outdoors running, but also when 
Great card. Bought the card from Emartbuy since they were the cheapest, I got the card after like 4 days later, their great. Yea the card seems to be good, 
it simply works after all. this little baby is just hook up my desktop, wireless AP, wired router togetherit just works, nothing elsetips: if you d like to use overseas, 
Great printer as long as expectations are reasonable! . I have had this printer for about one year. It has served me very well. The set up is straight forward 
Great mouse for gamers. The mouse is perfect for games. I use it to play ET and is great. The software provided by Logitech is configurable in all ways  
Great Trackball! FAST and EZ to Set up. I have learned that if I buy a new different trackball every few months that my wrist feels a lot better. Well, 
Excellent price, nice look, as good as monster cable. Excellent price, nice look, as good as monster cabl  
I have had this for over a year... The Optoma Movie Time Projector is awesome. The calrity and size of the image is simply amazing, no distortion at all. I 
One of the best photo printers. I considered purchasing this printer for a few months. It s not the newest printer on the market, but it is one of the 
Buy this cable, it is way better than using the headphone jack. If you like to hook your iPod to a stereo, chances are you are using a 3.5mm stereo 
LINKSYS COMPCAT USB 4 PORT HUB. Item was received in good condition- on time and works well  
Super sound and refreshing simplicity. A couple years ago I bought my first Tivoli Model One for my office. To that, I ve since purchased three more: one each for 
I like this iPod so much... This iPod was great while I could use it. Then my wife took it and now I only see it when she needs me 
Very fast and easy to use!. This is a superb USB Flash drive. It is fast and very easy to use. The only thing that I must add is that 
Great surround speakers or stereo in a small room. I m not usually a huge Bose afficianado, but I use a pair of Bose 161 speakers as my rear surround 
Good Remote. I bought this for my elderly mother. The big butttons are easy to push. It works great. I did have a little trouble programming this remote. You re 
Great TV at a great price!. This TV is a great value and a great HD solution. One minor gripe is that it doesn t have a TV Video button 
Excellent Product at an Incredible Price!. I ve always found the cheapie little ear buds sold by the airlines in order to watch their movies utterly useless. Besides not fitting 
unbelievably good value. I can t imagine what caused all the negative reviews on this site. After giving up on several other phones, including Uniden s own 5.8GHz phone whose 
Cover. The GPS cover is exactly what you would expect. I would have prefered a little tighter fit but it seems to do nicely  
Great printer copier fax--weak color scanner. I got a great deal on this refurbished multifunction laser printer and am mostly very happy with it after a few weeks light use. 
Great quality. My friend has the Bose system, even he says mine sounds as good or better. That says it all and for less  
Great Cables. I bought these for my dvd player. They work wonderfully! The old analog cables that came with the dvd player looked alright but [didn t measure up}. These 
Fantastic Color and Clarity. This has been an excellent purchase. Well worth the price. Excellent color and clarity  
It s not Targus at fault here. Laptop manufacturers want you to buy their products at their markup. Dell is no exception. Dell itself, on the motherboard, checks adapters. Whether 
Small, Quiet and Fast. PRO: I got this hard drive to back up my music and videos and i was trully impressed with the ease of use and speed.CON: It 
HP Scanjet 4890 is a terrific value. I have over 1200 slides to scan, plus negatives. I needed an inexpensive solution that would scan the most frames per scan. The 
Multiple Ports! Large Storage. I liked this ext. hd because it has Firewire 800. This is a must for the highest speed transfers to backup your computer or large data 
Terrific product. Sandisk, leader in this kind of technology products sure do not come short with this one. It works excellent on my phone Samsung t609.I would have bought a 
More Stars If Possible, SIMPLY AMAZING!. I am 100 satisfied with this camera. This camera is worth every penny. I installed it to monitor my store and when I show 
Belkin Wireless Adapter- it works. The wireless adapter works just fine. Occasionally you have to disconnect it, and then reconnect it in order for it to work, but for the 
my opinion after a few hours use of Nat. Geographic Topo States softeware. Before I bought this product I found it difficult to find reviews of Nat. Geographic topo state 
Quality product. I brought this product for my Olympus E-500 Digital camera .It worked fine with camera .If sandisk can come with better firmware update I believe it can performe 
Nothing Compares. The thing that seperates this DVD Case from the rest is it s center lock design. It s secures the disc nicely without damaging it... like I have 
Small effective system. I bought this system to work with my new SunRocket VOIP telephony connection. Phones sounded a bit tinny over IP, but when we sacked the SunRocket as 
no more pulling cpu out to plug in usb. I used to have to pull my computer out from under my desk to attach a flash drive or scanner or 
And A Camping We Will Go. This little antenna goes perfect with the portable TV I lug around when I take my tent out for a camping trip. It pulls 
very best tv tunner. it is the best tuning card than I have seen. it does not use resources of the processor of the computer to work and the installation 
notebook mouse 3000. i love everything about this mouse from looks to form to function and the cool blue ligh  
Handy for some folks but not for me. My opinion will probably differ from other reviewers.This strap works well IF you have the extended battery pack installed on the camera.As 
Ehh, not bad. As you have read other reviews, the earphones could be better, sometimes you will hear music out of both, sometimes one or the other. The only issue 
Excellent service. Just what my daughter was looking for for Christmas. It came before the promised date. Love shopping at Amazon..never disappointed  
great stuff. well, worked right out of the box.. I have had HD before DOA and have to wait for another one shipped again.. Compact, fast drive easy to use.. 
great addition to another less than perfect Garmin. Garmin has great ideas that suffer from the company they belong to. This option is a great thing to add to your 
greatest PDA I ever had. This is, by far, the coolest and the best PDA I ever had. My other PDA died and they wanted more to fix it than 
Love it... As a reporter, I decided to buy this keyboard because I was always taking notes at meetings. I would highly recommend it. I used it w my IPAQ, 
Sweet attachment!. Works like a charm! Now I can easily transfer files from all my different sized cards! Great for making and putting own ringtones on cellphone if capable cell 
Works very well. I bought 2 of this and its works very well in my home and in my office  
Works great with my 3 laptops!. Easy plug and play mini microphone. As I got tired of hooking up a mic on a stand or putting a headset on this 
Small and Fast...delivers as promised...I d buy again. I bought this to consolidate to one card reader for my camera s CF cards and Palm Treo s SD cards. The 
It s a memory card. I use the memory card in my Samsung d807 phone. Works perfecty  
Right size - okay price. Just the right size for my needs and easy to carry around. Price is okay. I m starting to see some less expensive since I 
Overall Experience is Great... Sound Quality, Not so Great. They are built to last don t get me wrong. The sound quality is just not as good as IceMat, but 
Does the job, and looks good too. Sonnet s USB solution is a generic 32-bit PCI card that utilizes the NEC chipset, which seems to be a little more stable 
Essential editing tool!. The NuLOOQ is an inexpensive and really fun way to fly through images in Photoshop when cloning out specks or needing to move throughout an image with 
Excellent accessory for Bose Wave cd player. I bought this item to accessorize my Bose Wave II cd player and just love it s fascinating design. The multi-cd changer acts 
Great product at a great price!!. This worked really well and was FAR below the price of the cartridge in the stores, would definately buy again. Thanks for such a 
the best. I am an average pc user. Computer amd athlon xp 2100 was overheating with temp of 140 F ...computer techs said go with water go with heat pipes 
No coasters!. These double layer R DVD s have recorded flawlessly. I use Verbatim single layer disks as well, and have about a 1 failure rate. I stick with products 
Good fan,Not Stealth. Good quality,Has 3 Speed switch ,The high speed setting is loud, PC Small Shipped fast, Fed-EX and Great price. Retail packaging.  
Has worked for me. This particular piece of hardware has worked as advertised. Little sucker runs pretty hot but that does not appear to affect its functioning. It works and 
Great stand for the money!. Elegant design, sturdy construction. Supports my Yamaha SY35 securely. After reading the forbidding reviews I decided to assemble it without first reading the directions. It 
All purpose with many options. I wasn t sure what I was going to get as I am more of a hands on buyer versus reading a description. I could 
I completely love the HD72 HD6800 . I had an Optoma H27 but felt it was lacking the brightness I liked on TV, and I heard that HD72 was much 
Easy to use and high quality. I have been looking around for a good karaoke player for awhile for the whole family and though this unit was a bit pricey 
Brand new Good Quality Speaker Stands. I d buy these again no questions asked. Great for all bookshelf speakers. Quality finish and design. Perfect match for my SVS bookshelf speakers 
I LIKE THIS HELLO KITTY TELEPHONE!. I HAVE THIS HELLO KITTY TELEPHONE ,I BOUGHT IT AT TARGET FOR MY 10 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER ,SHE LOVES IT!IT,S SO CUTE.THE WINGS LIGHT 
Good Investment for the Money. I had an iPod for about a year, and had a lot of problems with it, having to get it replaced twice before my warranty 
Great experience with these. About 3-months ago, based on reviews and articles on disks burning that advised against buying generic brands, I purchased a 25-disk spindle of these Sony DVD 
Has been working fine. I bought this to clean up all of my kids DVDs. They have a ton of discs that are dirty, scratched, etc. I have cleaned over 
TV Turntable. Very good product. Was exactly as ordered and arrived in an exceptable time frame. If you need a turntable for a big old TV this is it. I 
Satisfecho. Estoy satisfecho del producto. Era lo que buscaba, me siento muy bien con la compra.  
Very Impressed With Picture and Sound. I love this tv set. It plays a perfect picture and the sound was very good for my master bedroom. Im also using the 
iAudio U2 1 GB. I ve been using this product at the gym every day for nearly 5 months and love it. No batteries to worry about, I ve got 
Easy on the eye and the pocketbook!. I have a few pieces of All Clad, which cook well, but have small handles with a sharp edge, which makes picking up 
Panasonic DVD Recorder Player and VCR Combo. In the opinion of the writer, this is a fine product. Very high-tech and the more we use it the better we like 
Flawless installation; excellent performance. I ll admit after reading some of these reviews I was a little weary of purchasing this unit, but I got it for 32, so couldn 
These are great! No errors, clean sound. So far I ve burned and labeled most of a 25 cd pack. They all work in both cars Pioneer in one & 
May require settings change to operate with Yamaha keyboards. A couple of previous reviewers have mentioned problems with sustain operation; the first couldn t get the pedal to operate and 
Worked right out of the package. No setup required in my case. I love this remote.I was afraid that having a NON-TIVO brand unit Toshiba brand TIVO unit would require 
Works Great With Canon Elura 100. I purchased this microphone to use with my Elura 100. I can say I am very pleased with the audio results. In particular when 
Viking vs. Sandisk. First I bought a sandisk and after a month of use got damaged, I tryed to comunicate with them a lot, they have the worst customer service, 
Good product. I like the 504, but It has a few disappointing issues with it:1. Takes a while to start up.2. If it starts to play a corrupted file, unit 
One Small Flaw. The tuner works perfectly at delivering DTV pictures to my HD-ready TV. However, there is one annoyance. There is a switch on the back of the unit 
Great To Use. I just received my new WI-FI finder. I have version 1.1 and it DOES have a light in it and it works great. I just plugged it 
Fine product, wish they came cheaper. These fit over everything very well, and they stayed put without stretching out, which is why my original pads fell off. I guess it 
CHEAPIE BUT GOODIE. I only paid 30 including shipping and taxes. The ink cartridges alone are worth that. Printer works great.Set up easy BUT DO NOT USE THE CD PROVIDED, 
HDMI used with Philips LCD HDTV. Worked as advertised. Superior picture and sound. A slight improvment in picture quality compared to component setup but a significant improvment in sound quality 
No regrets whatsoever. I did a lot of research, not wanting to rush into anything and then regret it after seeing something else a week later. I was about to 
Sweet !. I had read many reviews by many customers of a variety of headphones. I was leary of hi and low-end products. I sought the mid-range. Its kinda unknown 
monitor arm. This is a good fit for my application and it works great. -- and a good pric  
Great unit but............................................. ............. but you can only download one region at a time on 128MB card actual space available is around 100MB. Region of VT, NH and ME is 
I m glad I bought it!. Totally agree with the other reviewers comments. Originally, I was going to buy Canon s adapter for my Powershot A640 not realizing it was 
Quite pleased. A couple years ago I got a projector for the big screen effect , and decided to finally get my mini Advents out of storage for the surround 
One fantastic remote!. This is a very easy universal to program, just hook it up to your computer. Enter the product name and model number, answer a few questions on 
Decent Batteries. I use these for the kids toys, digital cameras and enything else that drains batteries quickly. They seem to last about a year before you just can t 
It really is Easy!. My husband and step-son were able to mount our new 42 Plasma in less than an hour using the EasyMount. We saved the 200 the stores 
picture quality. excellent picture quality even with my regular tivo hooked into the s-video which is in 480i format. dvds are exceptionally clear in the component mod  
mac book plastic case. everthing is fine about this product except that is did not quite fit my macbook 15 . I needed to cut 2 small peices off the 
best bang for the buck. I researched many dlp projectors, before buying this one. I believe I got the best bang for the buck. It is a very versatile product. 
Great!. This unit is absolutely great!!!! I have had several Garman GPS systems for car and boat over the years but I bought this one for my son s birthday 
review of the sennheiser pmx100 headphones. nice headphones if you like a heavy base sound then this is the one for you.The head phones go behind the ear , sometimes 
Outstanding 50 HD TV. The Samsung 5087 Exceeds all HD expectations. Most surprising is that the regular cable channels are also beautiful, and so much better than the regular TV 
Really nice. This product is really nice. It works great and I have had no problems with it yet. The only down fall to this product is one of the 
Great Product. We had purchased a DVD recorder and within 5 6 months of continued use we noticed the picture quality was very poor, I contacted the place that we 
Great product delivering good value for people with simple needs. As the previous reviews had said: no frills, basic functions, good sound, compact size, clean look, and a reasonable price. 
TI-89 REVIEW!!. I love this thing!! I am an electrical engineering major and uploaded EEpro to it, im also in diff eq and have found it to be helpful in 
Very good bag. This bag is very good. The outside phone jack is a plus. The only negative - hard to access the other DVD s when in use  
On my third mouse of this model. Truth is, I m cheapskate. And this particular model happens to be the cheapest they stock at my local Office Depot, so I 
You get what you get. I have to admit, these have one downfall: they are not very durable. They last 2-4 months. But besides that, they are great.These are the 
Right cable at the right price. This HDMI cable is a bit longer than the standard 6 foot HDMI cable sold in Somebody s Club. Great for those slightly longer 
A superb system - I cannot be happier. This is a fantastic system in all aspects. The sound quality is amazing and truly beats the bose speaker system in quality 
Great Calculator - Terrible Software. I have owned my Voyage 200 for several years now and use it for all sorts of things, from managing my investment portfolio to analyzing 
ATI RADEON 9550 256 MB AGP. Ordered on Sept 22 received Sept 25 with free super saver shipping fromamazon. Installed card without any difficulty, straight foward AGP. Use Windows 2000, 
Great Card Reader. I ve tried three different card readers, and this is the only one I like using. I only have Compact Flash cards, so that s all I 
A must have. I had my Garmin III GPS talking street pilot mounted on the dash of my Expedition and with its attached antenna I rarely could get and then 
What a great little bean!!!. This is the greatest little MP3 player!!! The sound is great good bass , the size is very convenient and everybody who see it, wants 
Great Headphones at a cheap price. I use these headphones all the time on my computer. The volume Control is really useful because it makes it really easy to change 
Looks Great, Sounds Fantastic, but Needs a Better Tuner. I got this for my wife to use in the kitchen and she loves it. The unit is beautifully designed, fun 
top quality. Expensive but worth the price since disc are best quality money can buy and if you get a coaster it s either your fault or your software.Out of 
Almost perfect telephone. I have used Uniden phones in the past. Overall I have been very satisfied with their products. I have two negative things to say about this particular 
had this product for 3 years now, still working like new. Never had a problem, have traveled to Australia and Costa Rica with this card and not once has it 
Nice product and timely delivery. Received my Samsung 46 DLP tv from Electronics Expo with 8 days of ordering. THey shipped via some oddball freight company but upon contacting them, 
Dazzling Picture Quality!. It was actually looking at dozens of flat-panel sets that prompted me to choose this one, and I am entirely satisfied with my choice. The first DVD 
Better than a Stereo. The Sonos ZP100 bundle two ZP100s and one Controller is a wonderful replacement for my old component stereo system which was stolen last summer . I 
Don t call customer service. I was having trouble getting it to play DVDs through the component video connections, so I called Samsung s customer service. The girl I talked 
EZ to use, working good. My old TV needs RF modulator to play DVD output video audio signals. I bought it 2 months ago. It works well and is easy 
Fast Memory. With the large file size of pro DSLR s shot in RAW, every little bit of speed counts, whether at capture or download. There are faster Compact Flash 
Great buy, EXCEPT... Everything you hear about these speakers is amazing-they re reasonably priced, small enough to tote around and if you have the ipod plug-in adapter, the fact that 
Pretty good for the price but Amazon desc has errors. I just wanted to point out to potential buyers that the information in Amazon s product description is in once 
The Memorex 3202 3417 works perfectly on Plexwriter 48 24 48. I ve tried a lot of CDs and found you must use the exact speed rated disc for most 
Great for a dorm room. I use this TV in my dorm room and its great. It s small so it doesn t take up a lot of room, but 
Toshiba s HD A2 - A Step in the Right Direction. Toshiba s second generation unit, the HD A2, has a very attractive, glossy front with a silver trim. Although 
A must Have. I bought This item a week ago and it came today, so far it has been great, it is about 40 meters away from my router wrt54g 
Great buy..... I bought this flash drive about 4 months ago, and it s worked perfectly, I use it everyday, it has a great feature for hidding important information, a 
Great Product. This is a great machine. It has a clear screen that displays the words. It has two mics. It is on a stand not a box whihc make 
A must have. If you re looking for something pretty basic, to log your speed, distance and time - get this. It is perfect. I read tons of reviews prior 
Great charger for Origional Ipod. I just love this charger for my 20G origional Ipod. It looks great, and is super compact which I love. It is intended for the 
Media Cabinet. The design of the cabinet is fantastic and fits all the video and audio equipment. It was a bit difficult to put together, but at least the instructions 
It works!. Its not a miracle worker but it works really well. The deep scratch remover works much better than the liquid cleaner alone. It was easy to use, and 
Well designed, mission-ready unit. After reading all of the online reviews here on Amazon, and on the manufacturer s web site, I decided to purchase the units and judge for 
Very good to help with all those lost spaces on the outlets. This is a very practical way to use the lost spot on outlets by the transformers that will 
Works on an iMac. Purchased this to connect an old HP LaserJet 4ML to a new Intel iMac. Just plugged it in and it worked. iMac recognized the printer model 
Of Mice for Men this one is Great. This is a great mouse. The size is perfect because it isn t too big or too small. Also, the battery lasts 
Does what it was designed to do. I purchased this so my PC could share a monitor with my XBOX360. Does the job at a cheap cost! So easy to 
Get rid of most telemarketers for good!. I absolutely love this product. From the first time I plugged it in, the computer generated calls were told by my phone that 
Epson R2400 Ink fro Amazon. After reading the reviews about the Epson R2400 I decided to purchase one of these printers. I should have known it was going to be 
Fast and Easy. I am by no means a technical person. This drive was easy to set up and use right away. The software that came with it was easy 
Epson Color Ink Cartridge Multipack C64, C66 ,C84, C86, and CX6400 Printers T044520. Best Bargin I Can Find!!!!! High quality ink cartridge, fast shipping, and at the lowest overall price! 
Lexar Media 512 MB 80X. After Amazon got off there ... and decided to deliver this item, which took 2 weeks, everything has been really good. The 80X speed has 
It works well, Worth the money. Charging indicator actually works great and gave this little gadge quite a space age looking.Charges battery pretty fast although not like the fastest 15-minutes 
Netgear WGX102 54 Mbps Wall-Plugged Wireless Range Extender. I bought this unit, Netgear WGX102, along with the Netgear XE102 Powerline Ethernet Adapter for my wireless network and the combination work 
Does the job. My husband installed, and was not an easy job. Sound quality of FM transmitter not that great, but casette connection better  
Superb Little Speaker. If you re looking for a satisfying compact speaker for your ipod or other mp3 device I use an Archos pocket jukebox myself , look no farther. 
Very convenient, multi-talented MP3 Player. I actually have never owned an MP3 player until now, so I don t have much to compare the Creative with. But I can tell 
This Thing Kicks Axe. This very-easy-to-use MIDI controller plugs into the USB port, that s it, that s all you have to do. You get a great touch-sensitive keyboard with 
Satisfied with digital card. This sandisk digital card has been very useful and worked perfectly fine.Thank you  
Seriously worth the money!!. I was a little worried about spending almost 70 on this bag, but when I recieved it I was so impressed. I really love this bag! 
High quality - low price. Compare this cable to a 20 dollar cable same length sold in a fancy box with a equally fancy brand name, then ask yourself if 
Garmin Etrex Serial Connection. Product slides into place quickly and works exactly as described. Cable is long enough to conveniently use the GPS real time with a mobile computer.  
Superb sound and fabulous design. We got these speakers to project some decent sound from my laptop computer. My Toshiba P25 does have built-in harman kardon speakers, but they aren 
Sound is great for cost. They are a big improvement over the standard iPod earbuds. Bigger bass, treble without buzz, solid midrange. For true audio-freak, moving up to the pro 
These ear buds really sound good. I have just started with an Apple ipod nano product and was not impressed with the factory included ear buds at all. They didn 
Need some good pens. This is a good buy, I ve always liked memorex. Trusted brand through and through. The real problem lies with writing of the cd s. I 
awsome calculator. thanks for the calculator...calculator was good as new one, even though it was used one and right now I am using this calculator for all my college maths 
Nice Receiver. My receiver was delivered on 3 23 07 and I am thus far very satisfied with it. Setup was fairly easy and the manual was straight forward. I 
Everything I hoped it would be. Many great reviews exist already, so I ll just say that this device is easily worth twice the retail price for me. It works 
Great network cable. Excellent Cable. Perfect connection, very nice connectors, well made.The gray color is not dark, it s medium to light gray.Overall, excellent  
Feels Durable. I m two weeks into using this case with my iPod, and I m pleased. Yes, the plastic scratches up fairly easily. If you re not okay with 
Small, Sleek, Stylish... AND it works!. I have always hated the multi card readers. Somehow the card always gets jammed when i try to insert it into the multi functional 
I d Get Rid of the TV Before I d Get Rid of This. So cool to have alllll my CD s in one convenient place and not deal with 
Nice backpack. Very pleased with the Pack. only complaint is that 1 of the zipper handles broke already  
Good Product. I am very pleased with this UPS. Great product at a great price  
Works well but with some compatability issues. Sounds and works well, just make sure you have the very newest drivers available. I still have some minor issues running Ventrillo and 
Very good SD Card. I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the 
excellent, but fragile. It worked much better than expected. The page clips also were very good, but one fell off about 5 minutes into owning using the item I put 
Gets the job done. This is my second radar detector from Cobra, the first one I had worked fine but within a year the speaker blew in it. I hope 
Product delivered within a week in perfect condition. Product delivered within a week in perfect conditio  
Canon Black ink Cartridge. Good price and quick delivery. The product is a Canon original and not a generic which the repairman told me never to use in my Canon 
Olympus 2 GB Type M Xd memory card. Amazon had the best price by far that I could find on a 2 Gb Xd card, so I couldn t resist. 
Garmin pedometer. I love it! A little large on the wrist but OK. Doesn t lose satelites easily as some GPS do. Works well even when covered by a coat 
At school. I had bought this little device to record lectures at school. Granted it picks up a lot of ambient noise, it works great. The professors voices are always 
A very satisfying purchase. I took my sweet time researching and comparing HDTVs, and chose this model for purchase at Costco actually, the TC-32LE60, which differs only in that it 
Adaptor Cables. I had an urgent need for a cable to connect an old parallel printer to a USB-only equipped computer. The printr used a non standard cable connection at 
Excellent cable. Very fast shipping! Was impressed how thick this cable is. Great quality  
Question. First of all, let me say that I LOVE this stereo. Have had it for a year or two. I don t think you can do any better with 
Not Too Bad For The Price...But You Can Do Better. I ll give these 4-stars because they ve held up so well and for so many years and flights , 
Rocks!!!. I bought this Controller at Walmat for around 32.00 worth the money no lag whatsoever buy this ControllerLe  
very good in deterring otherwise honest people. I like this product very much and use it with the mobileedge securilock combo lock simultaneously on my toshiba satellite notebook. This one 
Muy pero muy bueno. Muy pero muy bueno, es mejor todavia que el primer dvd que salio de esta gira  
Great Little Gadget!. This is a great little gadget. I use Pinnacle Studio 10 for video editing, and this device works integrated without a flaw. All buttons are re-programable, but 
Good As New. This cartridge arrived on time and in perfect condition. It works just as well as any other that I have purchased brand new  
A first rate TV for the money. We ve had our 5265 for a few days now, and I ve had some time to adjust and tweak the settings to 
super!. It was easy to install. It has worked flawlessly now for 6 months. Highly recommended  
Amazing! Better than and cheaper than any plastic mouse pad!. I won this mousepad at a local lan party Gaming Party , and I use it with my Razer Copperhead 
Mac, PAL, and Canopus. Bought this to convert PAL Hi-8 Canon purchased years ago in Singapore for Mac PowerBook G4, Tiger OS-X nonlinear editing. Worked perfectly the first time, only 
xm express home dock---as advertized. It s nothing fancy. It just does what it is supposed to at a fair price  
Great HP printer with networking built in. I had bought a HP 1020 to replace my old HP 895cse. I had run my 895cse through a Netgear USB print server. 
A very pleasant presentation experience. I bought this device to be used as a simple Powerpoint remote presenter but I very quickly found out it can do a lot more. 
GREAT! GREAT! GREAT!. This item plays to perfection and looks brand new. The price was right. The shipping was reasonable and fast. I would not hesitate to use Amazon.com or 
the neighbors are gonna hate me. i bought my first home-theater-in-box about 2 years ago, and while the yamaha system that i purchased sounded pretty good at first, i eventually 
great deal. very pleased with product timely delivery less than a week standard great pric  
Storage cases with free software. The cases are good quality, but what really makes this a great buy is the free software Memorex supply with the cases  
Exactly what I was looking for. I purchased a couple of these for my kids bedrooms and they are great. I like the fact that they play CD and MP3 
Not bad but I wouldn t buy it again. I used it around my city and even took it to Hawaii and it was a lot of help. People forget 
great graduation gift. I bought this for a graduate. It was everything he wanted and more. Perfect for the college student. He was excited about the area made for carrying 
Lexar s Pro Series is the way to go. Fast read write times are a must for me. I am pleased so far with the card  
Must have for dig. camera. They last and last, but get two pairs so you have some spares. Need to recharge every week whether or not you use them. A 
Amazing System. Like some of the previous reviewers, I can t believe some of the negativity coming out against these speakers. Most of it is user fault, thinking these will 
Garmin Nuvi 660. The Nuvi 660 killed two birds with one stone. I had been wanting a navigator for travel. While searching for a way to play audio books on 
terrific performance - an essential product for video interviews. The Azden transmitter-receiver system has operated marvelously well for me over scores of interviews. As an aspiring video maker it was 
Review - Cobra XRS-9930 12-Band Radar Laser Detector. It picks up a lot of radar traffic. Not sure why it does not react when I see California HWY Patrol behind 
Fantastic Player and Recorder. I had an old minidisc player, which has lasted 5 years or so, and I was looking for an upgrade. I plumped for the RH1 instead 
Great and affordable!. I bought this for my fiance for Christmas, and I don t think I ve seen him without it since! He says it s his best gift 
Great remote for my home theater system!. This is a great remote with great flexibility. I have a combination of old and new equipment, and this remote does a great 
Beautiful Product. I got mine locally for 1100 dollars. The going rate was 1399-1599. I saw it at a competitor for 1198. So I went to another competitor and they 
great product. couldnt be happier with this wall mount. great price. nice sturdy mount. compares with models I ve seen in stores from 300- 500. easy to install  
great quality. I have used SW radios for many years and by many manufacturers: Sony, Grundig, Sangean, Radio Shack made by Sangean . This model by Eton stands up to 
Basic, light weight, portable speakers. I bought mine for travel purposes and use the JBL On Stage more when I am at home. The JBL does sound better but I 
Targus TLE400 17 Deluxe Leather Notebook Case. Outstanding value! Does exactly what it s suppoe to do, exactly the way it s supposed to do it.  
Better than the first shuffle. I bought the first shuffle when they first came out and was reluctant to buy a new one - even though it was cute and 
CD player works fine and I love the light and clock too. We ve never had a problem with it playing cds, even burned ones. We ve had this unit 
Flawless. I have used the 9510i for about 2 years and have found it to be flawless in performance. The Disaster Recovery software provided with this drive is it s 
Good TV for the Price and Size. I upgraded my old CRT unit to this flat, sleek and light Philips 23 LCD HDTV and I am extremely happy. It worked 
Good little receiver. I have several shortwave radios, but this has become the one I use the most because of it s small size, generally good performance and ease of 
Sony RM-V502 8-Device Universal Remote Control. Great remote. Works wonderfully with Sony and non Sony components. Have 2 of these  
Logitech speed Force Wheel. I purchased 2 for my son and husband. Both rumble and work perfectly with the racing games such as Need for Speed Underground 2, Nascar 2003 
Works well. I got this to use in my truck when I m out in the country, going off road, or just need to find a new destination in the 
Another great NetGear card. works like a charm. Installed in just over 5 Mins. found my network in just over 2 mins  
Excellent control. Very well-designed control. Both IR and RF functions are flawless. Easy to set up, easy to learn any command from any other remote for example, it didn t 
very nice sound-substantially better channel separation. the crystalizer works great and is a nice additions especially for low bitrate files. Software works well just make sure you update your drivers 
Great Bass!. Simply better than expected which is a refreshing thing to say! It works seamlessly with my Panasonic Plasma---a fine value  
Wonderful device. I am a high school science teacher and have found this device very useful in the classroom. It allows me to roam the classroom, keeping order, while lecturing 
Photos that truly look and feel professional. This printer produces 4X6 prints on postcard paper that look like they came from a photo lab. The quality is fantastic, and the 
Excellent Sound, Great Battery Charge Life. I ve had this player for almost 2 years now and have been very happy. The sound quality is excellent and the tone controls 
I don t hear a difference but these things are well built!. My system always sounded great and used to use RadioShack s gold cable s. I got these cause 
Awesome. I read the reviews and it was a little disappointing. I bought it anyways since most people have no idea how to even use a calculator. This is a 
CD DVD case by Xtreme. The product is of a high quality material, and the zipper is heavy duty and has not jammed in the time since I purchased this 
Affordable, Portable, and Well Built. Sturdy carrying case and strong plastic lid makes me feel confident about this product s durability. The internal speaker does not go that loud and 
Works well for half the price of other cables. I bought this cable to use with the Creative Labs USB SoundBlaster Live! 24-Bit External Sound Card and Logitech Z-5450 Digital 
we so lucky. my 9 year old daughter got this for her birthday and it works fine.The lights flash and the microphones work fine.The only thing is the batteries always 
Pretty good, not the best though. Memorex dvd blanks are my second choice and I bought two 50-count stacks of these because they had a great deal going on. In 
Omnimount 75 100 review. This mount is well-made and sturdy. It was fairly easy to mount it to the wall, although the weight made it a little awkward a third 
Flexible & Easy to Use. The six commonly used power tips provide flexibility with this product. I purchased this to use as an interface between a CD Walkman player and 
Terrific, exactly as advertised. Bought this for my 11 year-old.Exactly as advertised, very tough, you can drop it, no problem.All good headphones fit in the ipod using this protecto  
Nothing but Fuji for me!. Like the other reviewer, I also have a NEC dvd drive.I ve tried Sony, Memorex, Verbatim, Maxell, and TDX discs but none compare to Fuji. 
Great for the Price. I use this with n-Track Studio and, yes, I had to fiddle with some settings to get it working. But once I did that, I was 
grundig radio. It is a good radio. 99.00 will be a better price for it. Excellent reception and attachments. On the down side, be careful with the on off button 
Small business machine. Had no problems with set up as other reviews suggusted. Second paper tray is need for checks, the manual feed slot only takes one piece of paper 
Works as expected. I bought the keyboard for my 5-year-old son. The keyboard is light weight and therefore easy to carry. Small and convenient for my son to play anywhere. 
Enjoying the Axion 8 LCD TV DVD Player. I received this product for Christmas and really enjoy using it. I wanted an under cabinet TV for my kitchen but the 
Excellent xD Card Value. 25 for a high-speed 1GB card, there goes the argument about how expensive xD media is. This is a great value. Works perfectly with my Fuji 
terry from NJ. This is my second pioneer receiver in 12 years. The first one was moved into another room. It has out lived its usefulness as a primany receiver 
Cheap option. The cheapest option I found at the time but an excelent pen drive. Small and with a good style  
Perfect Starter GPS and more GPSMAP76 . I had previously used GPS units, but never knew the intricacies of one until purchasing the GPSMAP76. The base maps that are preloaded 
Maybe a little smaller... This tablet is just great. The only problem is that it s a little to big. When i want the cursor to cross the screen i 
Pleasant Player. I ll make this short and sweet - the Zen Vision: M is terrific!I m techo challenged and resistent to newfangled gadgets but I enjoy this quality mp3 
Best Satellite Radio Boombox on the market. This thing is great! It s the ONLY boombox on the market XM or SIRIUS that can recieve satellite radio, am fm radio, 
Works with my Dell 2405FPW. I use this to clean my Dell 24 inch LCD monitor, It works great. Always make sure To dust off your monitor befor cleaning it 
Look no further. This bag is wonderful. Someone complained about the zippers? What is that about? Wrong bag, buddy. There is no problem with these zippers. They never get stuck 
A superb Walkman--but with a few minor disappointments. This Walkman by Sony offers serious music lovers the opportunity to listen to MP3 files stored on a CD, a regular CD 
Holds up.... After years of heavy and daily use, the plastic friction rings are starting to loosen in their attachments to the telescoping aluminum legs, but I ve been able 
BabyRN. I love this product was worried about getting it at first because of other reviews. Works well in my Ford truck however it does depend on which power port 
Good for the price. Not a bad little unit at all. Has some really cool effects, amp models, and the wah pedal works well. For some reason amazon doen t 
Does the job. I bought this Cobra telescopic antenna for my Cobra Roadtrip handheld CB. It performs better than the included mini-whip, but it is not as sturdy as I 
Five Stars. I ve had my dvd player for about a year and use this a lot. Haven;t had any problems out of my dvd player yet  
Perfect for jogging. I clip to my shorts and I m ready for my workout. Great to not have to buy an armband holder  
Most Excellent Addition. Well worth the - makes it so much more convenient that just using the headphone jack. Well built, solid, and ties in perfectly if you have an 
Picture and sound quality is amazing!!. i am so satisfied with this product that i had to come back and write a review on this. it has good picture quality 
Excellent printer. I m so sorry. I had this whole big thing written up about how great this printer is, and then my browser crashed, leaving my review behind in 
Sturdy Protection for your iPod. After much review reading and searching high and low for the sturdiest case I could get for my new 80GB iPod, I finally settled on 
Creative Fatality Gaming Keyboard. Great, well made, back lit, slim, USB keyboard. The keys have a solid feel and are not too bright when on. There are two flip up 
Great product, easy to use. I ve used this label maker for several month now. It made organizing a cinch. I highly recommend this product. You can use batteries or 
Slow Writing, but fast reading. Bought this card for my XDA I PDA. Worked fine right out of the box. However, this only showed up as 118mb card !!! not 
Awesome!. I got this just on time for a vacation in Mexico. I set it up in my hotel room and it was just blissful! The many power plugs adapters 
Can t Miss With This. I have been in the computer industry for well over 20 years and I have used just about every graphics tablet there is over that 
VGA Card to Plasma. My ATI card has VGA and DVI output. I wanted to view PC video on my new plasma. I first tried through DVI to S-video. While 
most needed zune accesories. Price was high but lower at amazon compared to other retail store, travel pack contents and the most needed to bring your Zune around and secured 
Nice item for graphic cards mostly. This item will blow heat out, thus far I have had no issues with noise, or broken fan. It DOES blow out air at 
Really Good. I liked my Xm Radio in my auto so i got the Inno. If you already have a xm radio then you should be under no illusion that 
A good cable, no complaints here. Picture quality is good and no problems so far. I ve had it for 5 months  
Love it!. Was looking for exactly what I got. Shipped fast and easy to assemble. Had it a week and no problems. Excellent product.  
Works well. This product works as advertised and is very simple to use. The only con is that it has to be plugged into a wall socket in order to 
One of the best hubs i have ever purchased. Compact, stylish, cool blue light and 7 ports all for the price of a 4 port hub. can beat this item 
Fits best with small and medium, but... I have a 17 screen laptop that I use on this cooler and it still works pretty well. The right and left ends 
Exactly as good as I expected. I have heard about this famous radio since it was a Proton . I finally got hold of this unit and am a happy 
works flawlessly. Not much to say about a digital cable. It was a good price and it works. I use it to connect a MacBook with mini DVI adapter to 
Good calculator. This is a fine calculator, and inexpensive. The only shortcoming I see is that it doesn t have a 1,000 separator. This makes large numbers hard to see 
love it. I have had this humidifier for about 6 months now and I love it. The mist is not to hot to burn my little one which is important. 
Great set, Great Price. The center speaker packs more of a punch than I expected, yet is rather large and I had to be creative to find a way to 
BEST BANG FOR YOUR BUCK!. I was curious on buying this TV oh wait this is a Monitor not a TV, you will need a cable box or a satellite 
THE FRENCH HAVE SUCESSFULLY HIT THE US GPS BEACH!. Great little unit. Works well. Only negative is that the instructions are really bad. Still not sure how to use some 
Great item. I bought this dvd writer recently and I have to say that it works great. After reading several other reviews of the device about the software that comes 
Seems to work just fine. I have nothing to compare them to, but I bought 3 of these and they seem to do the job they are intended to do. 
Faster than my older CF cards. In general, I have realised that CF cards have a 1-2 years life. This is my 3rd CF card in 5 years, and my 
Can t miss printer, fast and quiet. My EPSON printer finally broke down. Physical damage not repairable. I wasn t particularly happy with it nor the price of ink cartridges. 
iShock and Pangea s Bugdom 2 in Mac OS X. I have continued to tweak the custom settings control for the iShock Game Controller and I have been able to 
Excellent Service!. After unsuccessfully searching local stores for this ink cartridge for over 2 months, I decided to buy it online. Not only was the price comparable, but I had 
Great only some minor problems. This is a great motherboard, the overclocking features are excellent Im using it with a Intel Core 2 Duo E6600 2.40 GHz processor and 2GB 
Works Great. I found it to be very easy to set up, and it works very well.One needs to take the time to read the instruction s before trying to 
A Traveller s Review. I travel overseas a lot for my job. This little power strip is compact and enables you to keep ONE adapter on the end of it 
Not bad for the price. This webcam was easy to install and use. The picture is not the greatest, but for the price it is amazing. I have had no 
Nice arm, but didn t work with Vizio TV... and very difficult to find the piece that would ve made it fit. Other than that it would ve been a 
Great Protection... This case is a little pricey...but so is the MacBook. And so if you want great protection for your pricey buy, go ahead and purchase this case. I 
incredible prints on CD DVD, low cost. First, about me - I am an HP printer bigot, and a PC user. I bought this printer to print labels on CDs, 
love it. got it for my father for Christmas. It has traveled from Wisconsin to New Zealand and back. he loves it  
Fabulous Labelmaker!. The Dymo LetraTag is everything a labelmaker should be. It s easy to use, versatile, and prints labels that are easy to read and stay stuck. Since I 
good for the price. product is descent.it is a bit noisy, but does the job and isn t too distractingthe blue light glow is a nice featurethe tilt of the 
I AM A CANON FAN!. Over the years, I have experienced good and bad qualities in printers. This ranges from home use to purchasing and maintaining printers in research and 
The new and improved. I wasn t sure whether or not this was the improved mount from TomTom - but it is. It works much better than the earlier model 
Great deal!. This is a very nice printer, especially for the price. Quick printing, good quality  
Works Fine!. I hadn t have the chance to test it in a real situation were i was in need for a hot spot, however its a neat gadget to 
iPOD FM transmitter. It works better than what I had before. With very little interference in the local area  
I m a recording engineer. I have had the X-Fi Platinum for about one month. I upgraded from Soundblaster 5.1, a big upgrade. I have an Asus Motherboard, AMD processor 
AT&T EP 5995 - 5.8GHz Expandable Cordless Answering System. Best system we have found for our rural area. Crystal clear reception - nice that we are able to expand to 
Great bag at a good price. I purchased this bag for my son for Christmas; he is a database analyst for world COM and takes his laptop everywhere. This bag 
Solid Performance, I m very happy. I must admit, the first review posted here on the D320 mademe a little nervous. My experience is quite different, andafter several months of 
Great TV DVD. This is a great TV DVD. The picture is very clear, and the size of the screen is just right for viewing DVDs.  
Great USB Hub AND a Great Price. I purchased this hub back in September. I plugged it in and I m running two printers and my mouse off of it 
Clear Prints. I use this paper to print out the original copies of my association newsletter. It makes VERY clear original prints, which then are used to make color copies 
Easy to install-good value. The enclosure has a very clean finish with good workmanship. Easy to install and get going. The light is a little too bright and can be 
A good buy!. These iKlear wipes work really well on all electronic items even if they are not Apple products . I have used the wipes on my ipod and 
Product desciption could be more specific. I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you must plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m 
Great for Mac OS X too!. The manufacturer only lists software compatibility with OS 9. Guess what... Mac OS X works great with 10.3 has built in support. Just plug 
Move VHS to DVD. If you want to move old VHS tapes to DVDs, this unit does it very well. Once converted to DVD, the quality is equal or better 
Perfect for Crossword Puzzles. I bought this as a Christmas present for my husband who loves to do the New York Times crossword puzzles. For this purpose, he says it 
Definitely improves performance for a small LAN. This is a nice, compact 5-port plug-and-play switch that definitely improved the speed of my local PC network. I read a review where 
really like them. I really like these, they are comfortable and seem to deliver very acceptable sound for my needs. Also they are very affordable  
great product, great value!. These mounts are the best you can buy in terms of quality, features and price.1. These can be wall mounted or ceiling mounted.2. Can be used 
Monster AI LSS KIT-2M iCable Fiber Optic Kit. The kit contains a regular toslink cable and a mini-toslink adaptor. I used it to connect my Mac-mini with a Proceed DAC. 
pricey but durable. I am hard on cards and these take it well - they keep up with my d2x and have the space promised. I like the soft keychain 
Absolute winner for Antec. I build my own computers and for family and friends as needed. I researched several for the purpose of building a quiter gaming case for family 
Linsys CIT400. It s a 2nd or 3rd generation VOIP phone, the connectivity is great, as other comment said, the sound of speaker need to be improved, other than that, 
Excellent product to date. I purchase this device over a month ago and it s still performing like a charm. The setup was real easy and I love the auto 
Outstanding! At least 5 stars. I just bought one ten days ago in order to get a TV that does High Definition TV. This is an outstanding TV in every 
This works. This product works great. I bought it to work with gametap and other videogame emulators. I was able to program all the buttons, but I was never able 
near perfection at a great price!. The Sandisk reader is impossible to misuse. It loads quickly and it s compact shape offers most options for memory. It can be mounted 
Its worth the money. I am traveling to Brazil so I needed this product. It has some basic important translated phrases that it provides which is helpful but VERY annoying 
A great way to store and transport your CD collection. I recently compared many brands and styles while looking for a larger CD case for my collection. I ended up 
Good Antenna, improved my weak receiver s reception tremendously!. This antenna is a good buy for the money. I have a sharp xlmp131 which had horrible reception for am and 
Love this GPS. Long Battery life, great display, easy to use. easy to configure the screen to see the info I want to see.  
Does exactly what it s advertised to do. This remote works with any Mac with built in Front Row or with any iPod through use with the accompanying iPod universal 
GE 75300 GE Slim Spacemaker CD player. im Happy with it , works and sounds GREAT  
More than I bargained for. I will not go through all the details of this animal as you can read the list. Many people buy electronics based on the feature 
Iogear GCS712U 2-Port USB KVM Switch. So far it has been good. I don t use it on a daily basis as it s used on 2 servers that rarely 
Great turntable. Could use a better preamp. The turntable is all it s supposed to be and then more. It s heavy and stable and tracked fine with my kids 
A GREAT JOYSTICK. WORKS GREAT ONLY TIME WILL TELL IF IT KEEPS ITS CALIBRATION CANT BEAT IT FOR THE PRICE I HAVE GONE THRU FIVE OTHER ONE S FROM LOGITECH 
for 22, can t really complain. these speakers work fine. not much bass, but i can t really complain since it s only 22..  
best earphone for the money and great customer service!. I had a Shure E3c which I used religiously, especially on the plane. the volume on my ipod is always half-way 
love them!!. I have a HT Sony and this were great for the satellite speaker. Despite the fact they are not great goodlookin  
Great MEMORY CARD!. I purchased this for my new Sony T-9 digital camera, and so far... all has been PERFECT. Just click it right in, and you have a GIG 
Happy So Far. After waiting over 10 days for Toshiba to replace the OEM AC adapter, we got impatient and bought the Targus APM10US Universal AC DC Adapter, which has 
No turning back. I bought this player with two HD-DVDs and I ve probably watched them ten times now. The HD image is just incredible - especially on my 10 
Great recorder. This is a terrific tape recorder.I ve always found that bells and whistles like voice activation don t work. This one does. You want it on, you turn 
Simple. Easy to use for the masses. Requires little or no training when the users are constantly changing  
Nano Review Two-THOUSAND SIX!! Yeah!!. Very happy with the Nano. It was a gift for my girlfriend and she enjoys it thoroughly. She struggled a little with the volume being 
A great little machine!. I use it outside on my deck for watching DVDs in the summer. It is sturdy, easy to move around, and the quality is excellent. I 
The Ultimate Protection but Doesn t Play Well with Others. Part of having an iPod is having the best iPod toys . ToughSkin is the Ultimate Protection against dirt and 
Good Bad and Ugly. Guess you can sometimes pick a good one over hundreds of bad ones... I might say I was lucky.... or for the price this litte LCD 
Theater popcorn at home. I ve had my kettle popper for about 6 months now and Love it. It makes great popcorn and sits right on our end table. The 
On my third mouse of this model. Truth is, I m cheapskate. And this particular model happens to be the cheapest they stock at my local Office Depot, so I 
The Best, I never found as good as Casio DBC310. It s my second 8 years old .I Spend a lot of time to found it because it doesn t 
Big Fan. For the most part I have been very pleased with the Mobile 10. Great little GPS unit. I could go on and on about aspects of the product 
How long will it last?. I have been using this D-Link hub for about six months. The power light started flickering after about three months and now doesn t light 
Amazing build quality and great performance!!. Hi. These headsets deliver amazing sound at all volume levels with great bass boost and no distortion. Very comfortable to wear for long periods. 
Got these to replace my conked out e2c s. After a couple of years of heavy heavy use I travel quite a bit through boats, planes, trains, and automobiles , 
Works with PS3, Xbox 360, PC, setup is not easy. I use Dlink DI-624 router. Setup is not easy, I needed quite a bit of helpfrom tech support. It s 
Works with Mac OSX 10.4.7. I plugged this in and the iBook tried to identify the keyboard; it couldn t, but I just chose the United States option and all 
Great Reader compared to Other. This reader and writer is absolutely fantastic! I bought this after returning the Biostar 6 in 1 reader from Newe g. That unit would not 
Great product .. Great sound for the price. I installed this product in my bedroom, and it sounds great. I m not sure how it would sound in a larger 
Good value memory you can get for a low price. This one was purchased for my pocket pc, have been storing files, pictures and more important, my recordings. Clearly it 
HDMI. I ve got this hooked up to my Samsung 40in HDTV. The picture is perfect. I saved a few buck not going with the monster  
Simple and convenient. As other reviewers have stated, the pages are very thin and the zipper does have a bit of a tail on it, however these are minor inconveniences. 
Perfect for my needs. I live in a small home and a large 5 speaker system with sub-woofer,plus reciever and dvd cd player was just too much. True, the 3-2-1 
Great deal for the money!. I ve read other reviews for this product that have people complaining about losing their data when the batteries are changed. THIS IS NOT TRUE 
amazed. I ordered this Brenthaven sleeve because the company had a reputation for making high quality products, but I definitely did not expect a sleeve to have such a solid 
Excellent quality!!. i bought verbatim s 100pk cd-rs at least twice and not a single one of them had a burning error. now, if only they could lower the price 
more features for the buck... i picked up a pair these phones because of the price and features..i find that the bass is ok but not like my Koss porta 
great addition to a great camera. I recently ordered this for a week long trip I was planning to Olympic National Park. WOW what a great find. I didn t 
HP Media Vault -- fast but not fully compatible. The HP Media Vault is a fast, reliable network attached storage device. It came with a 300 GB SATA drive and 
Pleasantly surprised. For the price, this little guy puts out decent sound. Rich bass without distortion and loud enough to wake up my teaching neighbors. BONUS: I can hook up 
Simple, basic and easy. Simple to use, no bells and whistles, and just the right price for someone like me when I walk. The earbuds, however, are too large and 
Difficult inital setup for First Time User of this product. I purchased this for my mom and dad and set it up for them. As usual the linksys documentation was 
Good Enough for Me. Works well for the purpose of printing photos as advertised. Happy with the product, even more happy with the cost..  
CD Player. Great little mircro CD system with large sound and easy settings make listening to my favorite music easy as pie!  
Don t pass up this deal!!. I purchased this system for about 260.00 because I wanted a mid-level HTS for movie sound quality however I also wanted a system tough 
Not all compatible models listed here!!. Firstly, this drum unit is compatible with the following models, most of which are not listed here on Amazon.From the Brother web site:For use 
Great speakers afraid they may be easily damaged. These speakers deliver. I have no complaints with the sound, especially considering their size. Clear highs and decent bass. However, the speakers 
Good Bang For The Buck. This cartridge is worth the extra money over its more economical version: It lasts longer and prints more cleanly, and can better handle delicate imagery. 
Great Product, Great Price. What can I say, this is a memory card, it has a ton of space for digital camera usage, and it works exactly like it s 
Good quality, but still too small for some.. Just got this product for my birthday, because the armband that came with my Nano was too small to fit around my 
PSP 1.0 Memory Chip. Very good item for the amount of money it cost. I would recommend this item to anyone who is looking for a decent amount of space 
A word of advice: Fisrt Install in Windows then in Mac. Like many, I bought this LPV3-U2 for the Mac compatibility. I have three Windows XP boxes and two iMac 
Excellent product at a good price. Nice headphones for a bargain price. Good fit with no cabbage ear after a couple of hours - sound is clear and crisp. Bought 
Did the job. We bought this for a science fair exhibit-it worked perfectly! Plus it along with an old iPod shuffle was inexpensive enough that if it were stolen or 
Great picture quality. Be sure to set your resolution high on your camera and you cam expect photo lab quality images  
This is the best phone!. This is the best phone setup I have ever gotten. Everything works great. If you have a lot of electronics around your phone, it may 
Great Purchase. I am using this cable between my Samsung DVD player and my new Samsung LCD 46 TV Set and with it we can see the movies and the 
Great price....Great unit........ I ve owned an Infocus X1 for 3 or 4 years now. Besides the color wheel noise that happened last year, it was always a great projector. 
Great Headphones. I bought these after buying and returning the high end v-moda earbuds. I actually prefer the sound of these to the ones that I returned. Sound is crisp 
These A V cables are worth EVERY penny!!. Being that the TV reception coming out of my VCR is always crappy, the first thing I did after getting my Monster 
I bought a second pair. I ve purchased a number of: headphones, behind-the-neck headphones, and earbuds. The earbuds become painful after a short period of wearing them, some of them 
Does the job. I just bought this and have it hooked up to a projector, 360, cable box, and a Home theater. This device does the job and has no 
These media worked fine on my computer. I agree that these are not top of the line. But they aren t bad at all. I get coasters occassionally even from 
Excellent product ... very pleased. We tried several other phones, including another Uniden, and were disappointed with quality and performance. The other Uniden sorry, I don t remember the model 
A lot of space at a great price. This is a great buy because I have a lot of space. I use the card on my Digital Camera and I 
TI-84 Plus. Much better than the TI-83 ... Great device, comes with lots of programs the TI-83 doesn t ... but now that I m using it I would have 
Good deal for the money. I m not a musician and don t know a whole lot about keyboards, but I am trying to learn using this, and I d 
DVD Protection. This backpack is well designed and seems to be made of durable materials.  
Don t waste your money on FM transmiters!. I had a more expensive FM transmitter and the sound quality pales in comparison to this product. My sister-in-law has a very 
great help for the library !!!!. I needed it to get information from the library. To avoid sitting and copying and to be able to get it fast without spending 
DVD R Spindle, 100 Discs. Good value for the money. Product shipped with a bit of extra padding so the package spindle arrived intact and undamaged  
Excellent unit for under 200. You cant ask for more at this price, and its got all the features you really need, and leaves out what you dont. like baro 
So easy, my mom can use it. I bought this scanner when my old faithful mustek gave up the ghost. I like this one because it s sleek and can 
Loved it. This card is great! It holds so many pics and videos. I take a lot of photos and I have never had to delete other pictures to take 
Good Product. I got this unit from another site. It s pretty good. Easy setup and run. I used different GPS map software Pharos Ostia & Destinator without any problem. 
Very compact, works great. I ve used several mice with my laptops over the years. This one is by far the most compact of them all, but it s not 
Nice for the Price!. I purchased the Sansa 512MB player for a hinking trip and I have to say it works GREAT. The only complaint that I would have is 
Great for the price. I have owned a pair of these for a few weeks now and have no complaints.The quality for a headset at this price is amazing. I 
I use it all the time. I bought this unti because I was familiar with it from using one just like it that was supplied to me as part of 
it works. I don t like electrics but I wanted something that would give me a decent shave without any cuts or razor burn. This does it.Braun is owned by 
Excellent Buy!!!!!!!. I have the DYMO Letra Tag Label maker and I love it. I have one at work and one at home. Excellent purchase for being the organized person 
what a treat to get this. without having to go into a store. Many times the stores I frequent are out of stock.Nice color quality on my Epson printer.Thank you 
Very good, but not perfect. Works great for the most part. Installing the KeySpan software was very easy, but installing drivers for devices connected through the KeySpan can be problematic. 
best tablet for photographers. Having the Wacom has increased my speed and efficiency in editing pictures. It is the best investment I have made lately in my business. It saves 
Extremely reliable printer. This has been a very long lasting, reliable printer for me. I use it for my business and demand a lot of it, and it has kept 
Best Radio I ve ever had. The Eton E10 is by far and away the best radio I ve ever owned. I have 2 other shortwave sets, an Elgin R1750, 
Simple, reliable and reasonably priced. This system is not the most sophisticated or powerful you can buy, but it represents a great value for the money. I ve had no 
Another amazing deal. Here s another amazing low price for a lot of writable media--so many you can make 2 copies of everything you need to back up. I am 
nice cheaper card. My emachine 3503 s on board video card Radeon 200 express was a bit to be desired after purchaseing the eVGA e-GeForce 7300 GS 256MB PCI-Express 256-P2-N436-LX. 
Lots of uses!. I bought this little multi-finisher to apply adhesive to photos and other items for my scrapbooks. I have since come up with all different uses. There are 
Good Stuff!!. This is worth the price if you do a lot of shredding. Other oils do not come up to this quality. I always use Fellowes and it does 
Great price, great product. After reading several reviews on this unit, we purchased it. The majority of our equipment supported gigabit and so we decided it was time to get 
i love this SD. it is incredible you can take something like 3 hours of video play mp3 for hours take much much more pictures and the better is it 
Excellent Value. I have used and gone through many printers but I really love this one. The ease of inserting digital camera cards and printing straight through the printer is 
good value. These ear buds provide a VERY good fit. They block out a lot of external noise. Much better than my previous ear buds. The sound is clear with 
Should Rate this mount 10 stars. This mount is perfect! It sticks well to the windshield,keeps the GPS rock steady. It allows you to swing to Driver, Center and Passenger 
Great Monitor. Attractive, affordable, crystal clear resolution, compact, excellent controls and built-in speakers. Can t ask for much more  
Easy to use. The layout of the keyboard really makes it easy to use this device. I find myself looking for things to label. It s great. I love the 
Elegant design and satisfying sound. After six months of listening to the iPAL, it is as satisfying as the day I bought it. The looks match the iPod. The controls 
affordable option for outstanding performance. I wanted a better cable then the composite rca cables that came with my PS2. I am very happy that I decided to buy these 
Great Printer. I received this printer a few days ago and I am very impressed. 4 X 6 photos look awesome as if I had Walmart print them and the 
Works great with Cannon Powershot A70. It can fit a ton of pictures and vides. About 500 pictures on my 3.0mp camera, in jpeg format, minimally compressed. I could also 
A technology that actually works... A friend in Japan sent me some eneloop cells when they were first introduced. They tested out very close to their rated capacity of 2000 
Casio Privia PX-110. I just received my new Casio Privia PX-110 which I purchased from Electronics Expo for a great price. I am completely happy with this unit. It sounds 
Holux GPS. I like this little unit. Installed the driver hook it up with Microsoft Trip 2006 and wow, how fast it worked. Been using ever since in my laptop. 
Works Okay. I plugged in my USB devices and everything works. No problems with this product  
Trust SONY!. I own the Cybershot P93, and I needed more storage capacity, so I bought the Sony Memo Stick PRO 256MB, I have to say its reliable, durable & 
Best CD clock radio under 300. I own a Bose clock radio and a Bose CD clock radio. When my daughter started college, I wanted to buy her a good 
excellent transaction. I would give this seller the highest marks. The product was received quickly in excellent condition at the lowest price I could find. I have no complaints. I 
Like my garmin better. While the sports kit is very reliable and fun to use, I found it still to be more of an mp3 player than a training tool. 
Surprising, in a good way. I didn t expect this projector to look this good for the price and features. But coupled with the Da-Lite 106-inch screen, this looks fantastic. 
Great wireless mouse. I have been using this mouse for months and still have not had to change the batteries. Nice feel and all of the buttons needed for shortcuts. 
Easiest Wireless Router I Have Ever Installed. Very easy router to install. Pop the CD into your PC. Keep your PC attached to your modem until instructed to attach it 
Excelente monitor. Ya tengo una semana con el y lo recomiendo ampliamente La imagen y la nitidez de este monitor son sobresalientes Con una resolucion de 1680 x 1050 las 
Love it!!. I really like this item. I like it for school a lot. When I do my reports it is a very cool tool to have. The shortcuts are 
Very pleased!. Mine came as a V3, but Amazon does not specify this, so I m assuming they ship what they have. Also the V2 and V1 are a little 
Amazing Radio. The best sound I ve ever heard in a radio. I also own a Cambridge Soundworks 730 and a Bose Wave CD Radio.Despite the fact that this is 
Finally. I m so glad I purchased this armband. I first had the one from nike and it was terrible. With this one you can see the screen, the Ipod 
Good for large components. Sure, there may be other racks that put looks over function, but if you need deep shelves with large openings for your phat gear, this is 
good so far. I have had this item for about 6 weeks. Haven t used to a lot, but so far I like it. This power inverter is smaller and 
Worth it. Is it expensive?, yes it is!!!However, I was conecting my Ipod mini to my speakers with two cables, mini jack cable and power cable and it was very 
GREAT!. I am the same grandmother that is TERRIBLY DISSAPOINTED with the same product that had TV and karaokee in the system.This CD player I bought for each of my 
TuneTalk delivers. This 45 wonder has done a great job for me. I am particularly delighted that I can use it to plug in my high quality Sony stereo microphone 
Great Product, Great Service. Memory card performs as advertised; service was superior and very fast  
Unexplained Computer Problems Disappear. Clean, regulated power is important for a computers, stereos, and high end video equipment. Surge protectors and UPS units do not clean the power well, they 
Well worth it!. I searched and hunted this monitor for the best price for months. I first saw this monitor at Best Buy. I was so impressed with the quality 
4, almost 5 stars!. This is most definatley a great product. I have owned an old CDW-64 holder and I bought a new one about a year ago the same 
Very solid stick. Bought this together with the rudders and throttle after many months of research. I d previously had Thrustmaster F16 FLQS and F16 TQS and the FLQS had 
home theater projectors. The Optoma H31 is performing better than expected, over 200 hours now. I am surprised at the resolution of regular tv. High definition tv is much better 
Kingston s Perfect Smart Drive. This is an amazing little device. I carry every Word and Excel file I have created in the last year on this device. How remarkable 
High Value Phone. I m pretty impressed with the features that came with this phone.Favorite features:1. Speaker phone2. Ability to customize each handset s phone directory3. Ability to transfer phone 
Nice design. This sturdy stand helps to get the monitor to an ergonic height while freeing desk area. Be sure to read the dimensions, since it s pretty wide. I 
No complaints-wow. While I only have had the set for 4 days, I felt I had to add my input. The picture quality on HD channels exceeded my expectations. If 
great little system. so far it has been good. the remote works very well, the sound gets loud and full easily. Good for large sound if you have a small 
Black Slim Jewel Cases. These work great for my cd s and my clients when he is in a pinch. The price is good. Single color, especially black which offsets 
GREAT PRODUCT. VERY EASY TO INSTALL. ALTHOUGH IT REQUIRED A NEW BATTERY. I HAVE USED IT FOR SOME TIME NOW AND THE BATTERY LASTS AND THE CEDENCE SENDOR WORKS JUST 
Best of the current DVD players. I purchased this DVD player from Circuit City abour 3 months ago. My intention was to watch DVD movies in my hotel room during 
Great Bass, Great Package. I paired the TSS 450 with the new Harman Kardon AVR230 Which I highly reccommend, even though Amazon is not offering it yet . They provide 
amazing quality. i high recomend this item is made up of good quality and its look like last longer..  
Listener. For decently recorded solo instruments, chamber music and choral music this rig is fine once you get over Bose s pricing. As for more modern pop stuff on which 
Great Calibrator, Excellent Software. The Eye-One is quietly becoming the industry standard for designers and photographers in the under 500 range. Very accurate calibration on my LCDs. Match software is 
Excellent Product. This product is fantastic...first flash drive I have ever purchased, and my first purchase from Amazon. It was inexpensive for the amount of storage, and three other people 
Ink Cartridge. I have an Epson 600 RX printer and love the image quality and the fact that the inks are changeable individually. My previous xxxxxxx one of the x 
Good product, good price. Ultra II gives very good speed to make sure your camera isn t waiting on memory.  
Great results with Epson Color Black inks!. Been running ONLY Epson ink in my Epson 890 photo printer for 6 years now. Great results. Never had a clog. I feel 
Nice Colors. I like this purchase for many reasons. Most of all, the colors. I can identify my programs, music, etc by the different colors. It is also great for 
Perfect. So far so good, great hard drive. It runs and works most like any other hard drive I ve had but, it s the look that puts this one 
Coby DVD. Arrived early and in great condition. Very compact and easy to move from room to room. The only downside that I have come across so far is you 
5 For Style Points. This case protects your nano yet lets you remember how beautiful it is. Isn t the purpose of buying a nano is to show of it 
a great GPS. Again submitted on behalf of my husband, the gift recipient - the first time downloading maps is troublesome and difficult, but after the stress,...comes the use of 
Good cases, but a little fat. The cases are good quality and make it easy to add wrap-around cover artwork or just a basic page describing what is inside , 
They work. Not much you can say. They came quickly, they where inexpensive, even with the high shipping cost, and most importantly they work.  
Amazing little box!!. I needed a Bluetooth GPS and started to read about different products. I found out that Sirf III was something to go for and when i found 
Very reliable and affordable. An excellent buy for a wireless internet newbie. Very easy setup. No complaints  
Everything I expected. It is small, light, looks good and transfer rates are good enough. If you will use it with a desktop, I strongly recommend it. Although I have 
inexpensive and it works. It s nice and cheap, and it makes my XBox graphics cleaner compared to rca jacks  
Headphones that are good at what they do. These headphones are good:Comfortable although not fully-circumaural; they may still press on your ears a bit Decent sound quality but very bass-heavy, 
Only slightly disappointed. Having had a vintage, ca. 1965 KLH by my bedside lo these many years, I was hoping to replicate its perfectly balanced, large basso profundo sound. Actually, 
Lived up to my expectations and then some. This kit actually exceeded my expectations. I was able to produce a professional product in a few hours time. Make sure you 
Great for printing checks. Aside from being compact & 15ppm fast, the Hp 1020 printer does a great job of printing checks and deposit slips when used with any checkmaking 
Excellent Memory Card. I have bought three of these memory cards for different cameras and never had a problem with any of them. You just put them in and they 
At last a good connection for my iPod in my car. I tried two different devices before this one, and they simply did not work satisfactorily in a big city 
Exactly what i expected. This calculator is exactly what I expected and meets all the calculation requirments I need on the job  
The Longest Distance!. I have a pair of 8M Cobra Radios. Another Motorola 12M. I will sell the Motorolas and conserve the cobra because the cobra are very small and 
Wacom 9X12. Overall this product is worth the price.OverviewTo begin the footprint of this particular tablet is 17 5 16 X 13 1 4so you have to have enough desk 
New to me, but good. This is the first Intel CPU I ve had in a long time and the first Duo core chip. So far I m enjoying it. 
Great Service, Great Product... Indeed, the registration documentation is wrong - they left out one very important clause - Press the page button on the base unit, not the handset. 
 What a great piece of furniture! . My husband and I bought this for our new home and we re both thrilled! He loves that it holds our new 
Amazing Speakers for on the Go. These little gems are perfect for my hotel stays - I do a lot of traveling and these little guys really help bring a 
amazing. i bought it 2 months agoits simply great well protected and the only down side is that its heavygreat produc  
Works just fine. I use it with my all-in-one printer fax scaner copier to connect the fax to the phone jack in a different room. I like it, it works 
Good quality photo paper for canon selphy. You get this item free with the purchase of a cannon selphy, if the special is still running. I highly recommend it with 
Mobile Edge Milano Large Handbag. This bag is stylish, well built and easily fits my 17 DELL Inspiron notebook. I had a hard time finding a bag that could accomodate 
belkin wrist cushion is a hand-saver!. i have CT and entrapped nerves in both elbows that affect the nerves in my hands, and without this piece of absolute genius, i 
Best protection ever. If you want a case that looks fashionable and offers great protection for your iPod, this Contour case is a great option. I m a student in 
Good Quality Ink!!. I own a Hp Deskjet 920c color printer. I have never had a problem with any purchase of the Hp Ink. I have purchased from retailers ... 
Can t beat the price. I gave this 5 stars only because it serves its purpose well. It s just a basic mouse pad, but the price is excellent!!  
Pretty useful product. You will appreciate this product only if you don t have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, 
good, but not for a busy medical office .. Hi - I only have a few moments to write this, between patient calls etc ... I am in a medical 
Excellent Universal Remote. This remote from Sony was absolutely painless to program and has provided me absolutely trouble free operation for the past year. I am using it with a 
Great product. These take a beating. The sound is clear and undistorted when you use them at normal non-deafening volumes. The gummy parts do not come off, which is a 
works well, simple, washable, protects well. I got one of these from the Apple Store after purchasing a Macbook Pro - noting how many liquid spills do occur from time 
HP LaserJet 3390 - Usage Review. The product was very easily installed and has performed flawlessly for 3 months. Our usage is 150-200 printed pages, 20-25 faxes, 30-40 scans, and 
Good, sturdy product. I bought this armband when I got my mini. Overall, I was very happy with this purchase. My mini never got scratched thanks to the skin. And, 
I wish I had one... I never received the item, due to Amazon shipping by wrong carrier  
Great label printer!. These label printers are easy to use and are very reliable. I use one at home, one at work for Police evidence labeling and I resell them 
Great unit for the price. Overall, this is a great product for the price, but there are a few minor issues that I have with it. I mostly use the 
Get Two!. Do you like to play games on MacOS? Well, if you do, get this controller, or maybe even two of them. The driver for this controller is great. 
Likes Dislikes: A List. There are some things I like about this, others I don t. Some people have written similar reviews, but I want to add my 2 cents. 
Excellent Mounting Solution. I just installed the Arkon SR088S in my car, a 1997 Saturn and was so impressed I had to share my thoughts.Pros: Sturdy, quality construction. A number 
Not Bad!. I just got two sets of these phones one set in black and one in white for our female announcer. I work in radio and have a set 
Great Product. I bought this calculator to complete the fundamentals of engineering test. The calculator helped me tremendously. The reverse polish notation is incedible. I wouldn t recommend this calculator 
A good way to play classic games wherever with few flaws. This is great even if you have the NES games. For one you can bring it anywhere and it 
After a year and a half, they are still great!. I purchased my E3c s about a year and a half ago to use with my MP3 player while traveling 
Excellent scanner. I purchased this scanner mostly for 6x7 black and white negatives. I have been very happy with the results. I use a MacBookPro and have found the speed 
VERY Impressive!. This is my first attempt at a wireless network, and I am just blown away with this Linksys dual band system. I am writing this review from my 
Really Performs. With my five megapixel Leica Digilux 2, this Lexar one gigabyte SD card will give me 244 color photographs at the highest-quality jpeg setting! That s equivalent to 
A little guitar!. This was a birthday gift for a little musical genius in training, although she is a little young- the adults had just as much fun with it. 
Good price, easy installation. I just got 2 of these for my Dell Dimension 8300. Photoshop filters seems to be working faster now. Installation was easy; just snap them in 
Great price...great specs...great warranty. I purchased this to take advantage of an unused IDE channel on my motherboard, and give my formerly solo main hard drive a break from massive 
Love it!. We were looking for something to replace a conventional 13 tv for the kitchen. Originally, we were going to get an under cabinet tv radio combo, but for 
I don t know what your talking about. All the people that have written reviews before me, disregard them. This is the best mp3 player for 35 you can buy. 
Ac Adapter. The delivery is so quick and the quality is so good.Good seller.  
Great speaker for its class!. I ordered a pair of these online, a bit nervous as I wasn t ever able to hear them I heard a pair of JBL 
Fun phone. Decorative, fun to use, and very functional. My kids think this is the coolest phone ever  
Good Sound. It has a really nice sound, but I don t really care for it s looks. It uses cheap plastic, but the cord is unique. It is made 
You Won t Regret This Purchase!!!. No need for 5 paragraphs here, this radio is amazing!!! From the sound quality, fit and finish, overall volume, to reception...it will simply blow 
San Disk. I received this item for use in a new digital SLR 8.3mgpxl camera. It is fast and stores excellent pictures  
solid, sleek, effective. Summary:Excellent product for the price as compared to the equivalent but more expensive and uglier Monster power surge protectors. Improvement in audio quality.What I liked about this 
Excellent cable. This is a great-looking, well-made, and high-quality cable. It could be used for any RCA-RCA connection, if you need 12 feet. I actually used it for my new 
If You re New to Radios, This Isn t the One. This is a fine pocket radio for people who need something small and don t want to suffer the 
Toshiba HD-XA2. I will start by saying that ive owned this product for almost 2 months. Overall it is an excellent piece of equipment. When i bought it, it was 
SNH5500. I agree with Researcher. This is a great buy for the frugel buyer. They are great office headphones and reduce a lot of the hum of the air conditioning 
Best burner in my opinion. All this has been said before but here it is again. Sony 1-8x DVD R s with AccuCORE will burn at 16x. TDK 8x will 
Great for the price. We bought this for our 6 year olds birthday present. We think it is excellent value for money and he just loves it. We had no 
Delivered on time and a product worth its value. I was excited when I received the Kingston 256MB digital card on the scheduled date. It sure has a good packaging 
Great product. Purchased this product lookig for a switch that allowed me to connect multiple systems to my home network. And it does that function exceptionally well. I had multiple 
Wonderful Product!. This snow cone machince is the best out there. I use it everyday- multiple times a day! And it works lovely. It grinds large amount in mins! I 
Very Nice!. The first ipod clock radio I bought was an Emerson iTone that was very disappointing. After returning it, I did a bunch of research, and decided to order 
2495b is the best Ipaq I ve ever owned! I love it. I haven t had the problems these other people have. My battery works long, three hours of wireless 
Works Perfectly. I bought this for my Kodak camera. I put it in as soon as it arrived, have been using it for a few weeks, and it hasn t 
CD or DVD shelving. Great shelving for CDs and DVDs. Hold several hundereds of either. Shelves are adjustable in hight. I liked this and the 5 shelve unit so much 
Works great for me. I got a Casio keyboard for xmas, and, considering it s size and quality, I was a little disapponted that it didn t come with a 
Thumbs up. I wanted to try out this brand because the price was good and I ve read good reviews. The card works fine and I am happy with it. 
Very many features. This receiver, which is very good value for its price, has many features and options: different types of surround sound and tv hookups. As a result the 
I love this product! Everyone should own one. I work for a small business and we can t afford the risks of data theft. Having this unit has put my 
Lots of storage, and fast too. I purchased the Lexar 1GB 80x Pro CF card for use with my Canon EOS Digital Rebel XT 8 mega pixel DSLR camera. I 
Wonderful Keyboard. This is the second G15 keyboard I ve purchased, not because the first one broke, because it s such a great keyboard. Now I keep one at home, 
Wireless phone sounds like it has wires. I ve been using this Phillips system for a month now and have been really pleased with it. We never suffer from any 
Most Reviews Here Are Not for This Card. This card is the 2 GB Ultimate 120X It has a tested write speed 120 times 150kb sec which exceeds 18 mb 
Good Quality Discs`. I have burnt a few discs and so far no coasters, They are burning at 8X in my NEC 2500A burner. That is pretty considering that it 
Tricky to figure out, at first, but works great after that. I have had multiple laptop computers stolen from public places in mere seconds. Once, in a hotel conference center 
No Problems. I have owned this TV fo 6 Months now. It worked perfectly from day one with no problems. It has a superb picture even in SDTV mode. I 
User Friendly. I must admit I read many other reviews of this item and was a little apprehensive, however... . I found this recorder to be outstanding in all the 
Kingston SD 2GBKR 2 GB SD Memory Card. This product is good. I haven t seen any issues with this so far...  
Great speakers. I have bought these speakers twice. I love the size, the shape and best of all they have high volume  
really clear, fits perfectly, and make my x51v useful. Because of this screen protector, I can take my x51v with me without worrying the screen damage. I can punch in 
Great Product. This turntable exceeds my expectations. Works smoothly and quietly. Also is much sturdier than I expected  
Great Printer for the Price. I have had the MFC-7420 now for 6 months. I have bee nothing but pleased with the performance of this machine. I have used the 
Great sound, poor anti-skip. You are probably reading the reviews of this product to figure out whether it would be a good purchase decision. And if you re like me, 
No regrets. Purchased this player under the advise of a friend and because of a store credit that had to be used. At first I was against the idea of 
son loves it. My son got this drum set for his 7th birthday. He really loves it, it is small enough that it does not take up a lot of 
Good mp3 player. I have had my iPod with photo for about 18 months. I purchased it at best buy and purchased their extended warranty, which I would not normally 
Great Pictures & So Handy!. We ve only had ours a week and I wish we d bought it sooner. The photos are sharp and every bit as good as 
battery charger. For the money this charger is a great deal. It charges the batteries fully in a short time. And comes with a car charger  
excellent value!. I give this unit 5 stars because I feel that it is an exceptional value - you get very high quality for a realistic price.I was after an 
Wonderful. I saw the small size of this case and was in love. It has plenty of space for dvds and cords though it wont hold large headphones unless they 
Workhorse. It s a great product. I wore my old one out, so I bought another  
Great Product. So I took a leap of faith and purchased this stand without seeing it in person. Let me tell you that the picture provided by Amazon does not 
Actually Works.. I bought the mounting bracket to use while geocaching. It holds my Explorist 500 securley and where I can see it. Great while using turn by turn map 
Easy and Effective. Set-up is extremely easy! I bought this item to connect my Nintendo DS, Wii, Sony PSP and my laptop to the internet. Just plug it in and 
Works great. Hey folks make sure you take off the plastic caps on both ends of this cable before using!! ; I am using mine to connect my Apple airport 
Superb Colors, Great Sharpness But View On Axis... ...Like most LCD s you do not want to be any more than about 30 off axis when viewing this otherwise wonderful 
for commuters and travellers everywhere. How often are you on the way to work or to a meeting and you end up getting stuck in the traffic jam of the 
Excelent product. I purchased this product for my son, who is studying Sound Engineering. He is absolutely happy with it and I ve heard from him very good comments.  
Great addition for all of those CD Spendals. These Paper sleves with windows are great for CD Spendals. I purchased these to protect the cd s I make for friends 
GREAT PRODUCT. I was a little apprehensive before the purchase--I LOVE my skullcandy buds. No matter what I do they stay put in my ear. This is a first. I 
Just What It Says. I love the Sling Media Slingbox Tuner! The install was very easy just as they had said on the reviews. The quality of picture is just 
Easy to assemble, classic look. Very easy to assemble, has very classic lines, lets stereo equipment have plenty of ventilation, hard to find add-on shelf in maple. Holds a lot 
recommended. It is very small and looks very cool.you can charge it very fast.ts sound is very good too.t has radio function too  
Glasses and Hearing aids.... After reading other reviews I thought I d give these a try..Good move on my part! I wear glasses and and hearing aids in both ears. 
Garmin C550 GPS. I did a lot research and finally decided on Garmin. I am glad I did. I could nt be more happy with this product. Very easy to 
High Quality Media. 20 discs and not a single coaster. I m not sure what better a review I can give to blank optical media than that.For reference, my discs 
Sweet tv!. Great television! I recieved it with no visible damage, even after I turned on the TV. The only problem is in Game Mode the darks sometimes become too 
Just what I needed!. This piece of hardware is just amazing! It s very silent and very fast. I have it for several months and with 0 problems. Both thumbs 
Best storage sollution for your old CDs. I was delighted by these boxes. They are not glamorous, but they are efficient. I would have settled for a simple cardboard box 
RF Front Row G4 mini Car = Happy. Very pleased with the product. Used with G4 Mini currently installed in my car. Handles all of the Front Row controls quite 
Good Price for Getting Use Out of Legacy Peripherals. The DB9M dongle is well built and does it s single task well. The added extender cable is also a nice 
Just what I needed for my older comp. I have a 4 year old computer, whose hard drive is too small for current needs.I leave this on all the time 
quiet, but effective. It fits under my TV perfectly. The dark gray matches the TV so it s practically invisible. And, most important, it swivels smoothly, doing the job it 
Pair this stand with a Linksys HGA7T High-Gain Antenna Kit for TNC Connectors and you can easily triple your range. I purchased the Linksys Antenna Stand for TNC Connectors AS2TNC 
The Best Mouse I Have Ever Used. Been using this mouse for a couple years now, and I love it. I have had no problems with it at all. I 
VERY handy switch..... For those needing 2 or 3 fiber optic devices hooked to their HD T.V. this device will suit the bill perfectly. No more cord swapping!!  
Love the recorder, the software not so much... I upgraded from an older minidisc recorder to the MZ-RH910 to take advantage of the capacity that iPods and the like have 
Unconfortable. It is not confortable to use. The combination keys are so close each other that is difficult to use  
LightScribe ROCKS !!!!!. It is obvious the other reviewer does not know what he is talking about. LightScribe provides a professional looking label with enough shades to create some very 
It s a good tool...it d be better if.... I bought it thinking that would help me entering ASCII codes because my inspiron it s uncorfortable with some programs in 
Excellent. Very good cordless phone. If I had to buy another I would do it again  
Tunebase works great!. I bought this product for my husband and it works awesome! I had purchased the Monster FM transmitter and charger for him last year, which works good 
Great price - solid stands. A very good price for a well build speaker stand. Easy enough to assemble and it came with universal mounting brackets that worked well for 
Amazing value for what you get. I was considering a harmony remote to consolidate my remotes, but I just couldn t justify the price. I ve used the pronto when 
D-Link is okay with me... i ordered this because i recently built a laptop and i wanted to be able to connect to my network without having to be tied 
Toshiba Looking Forward. I hope to expand on the potential of this product at a later date, for now it has been GREAT. I have satellite and will expand on 
Excellent assistant to keep tag of name and addresses. I have been using this product for three years. It is an excellent way to keep tab of business cards collected 
fast. This reader is very fast - compared to my usb1 and non-cardbus pcmcia compact flash readers this one is about 4x or more as fast. It is small and 
Unit is smarter than user. I purchased this unit as my first A V receiver. Now I am a fairly savvy guy when it comes to technology. I regularly make 
Ear buds that stay in!. Hi, these ear buds actually stayed in my ears most of the time! Great product!! I have a problem getting most ear buds to stay 
Mike D. Excellent performance for the price. Good sound and excellent reception on AM and FM. Two AA batteries seem to last forever. Excellent travel radio; easy to use and 
Best DVD media out there. These DVDs never fail...I ve tried other brands and had miserable results.Stick with Memorex and you won t be sorry  
Great Deal, TV and Service. This is a fantastic TV for the price: picture is excellent, it s super easy to hook up and use, and both Amazon and AntOnline 
Great product. This is a great graphics card. It has improved my gaming a lot. The only problem I have is that I bought it from a horrable company. Amazone 
full scale. This keyboard works as advertised.The real jewel is the bundled software.The keys are full size so this thing is bigger than you might thinkI m glad I did 
Fantastic value!. My first HDTV, and it looks awesome!! I am very happy with the decision I made to purchase it. Only two issues:1 I have an HDTV ready cable 
Very good paper sleeves for protecting and transporting CDs and DVDs. Memorex makes an excellent paper sleeve to protect CDs and DVDs from lying around gathering dust. The paper sleeves 
Grrrrrrreat!. What a deal! 37 inches for under a grand? You can t beat that. It has a great picture and sound quality. It s not 1080p but 720p is 
Great Little Toy Piano. I recently bought one of these for our 18-month-old son. The piano arrived in fine shape. The piano and bench are sturdy and well made when 
Great headphones. Same style as my Rio headphones that died. I love the ear hook design and the added bonus of a volume control makes them even better  
Excellent product. This notebook case is a perfect fit for the MacBook, and it is compact enough to fit into larger bags. It is exactly what I was looking for 
easy enough for a child. my five year old loves it and has been playing it every day since we got it.it s not too loud.We hooked it up to 
mustek pl607. Very nice player for the money, comes with everything you need, can t go wrong for the money  
A great product!. First format it then you will enjoy its smooth operation with great and lighting fast performance! I love it! Must have for PDA and PPC owners! I 
The belkin ipod voice recorder. I would consider this one of the best items I have ever purchased because as a vocal performance major I have to record almost everything 
No Problems. We have had this ipod for several months now and it has not given us a single problem. The songs sound good and it nice that the size 
Solid construction. I was scepticle at first that something looking that flimsy could really hold the weight of 622 cds. The assembly was easy though time consuming. I would recommend 
The Perfect Corded Mouse. This mouse gets the job done without a lot of bells and whistles. The price was unbeatable. I know b c I tried. The design is 
Simply the best. I have used the whole line of Epson Premium papers and the Luster finish is my favorite. Using an Epson 1270 for years I was able to 
Tom Tom Cigarette lighter power adaptor. It does what it is suppose to do. What more can I say about a low tech device  
Great notebook case. I purchased this for my wife who wanted a case for herHP Pavilion Notebook PC DV5139US , screen size 15.4 , ht 1.8 , wdth 14.1 , 
It s a charm!. I bought this cable a week ago. My movie watching experience has been enhanced because i used the cable to hook up my TV to stereo. 
Best Articulated TV Mounting Arm On Earth. This design is well thought-out. Gives great control of angles and positions. I got mine because I live in an RV and need 
Tripp Lite 16FT HDMI GOLD DIGITAL VIDEO. Bought this cable from Amazon and got a great price. The unit works perfectly. HDTV from TIVO 3 crystal clear on my DLP 
Couldn t be happier!. I have had the unit for a month now and I am very happy with my purchase. GPS navigation along with XM radio instantly. Always being 
Awesome Speakers. I bought these speakers for my 8 year old son for his iPod Shuffle and I was pleasantly surprised when we turned it on to hear the awesome 
VERY pleased. Spend much time reviewing all types of HP printers. Decided to stay away from Epson - the were just ok. Found many good and bad things about this 
Great Short Wave Radio!. I am very satisfied with the radio. It has good reception and sound quality. This is my first short wave radio with digital tuning and I 
sound good. I have a pair of MX400 s as well. I liked how they sounded but wanted more bass, so I bought these. They sound amazing. No regrets, except 
Great Product. I had two unworking disks One a PS2 game and the other a PSX game so I picked this up and both work fine now! The only thing 
A great product. The print quality delivered by this cartridge is phenomenal. After almost a year of owning an HP 2100, and using several cartridges, I remain astounded at the 
Good but Big. As a woman runner, I found the 305 a bit bulky for my wrist. It was bigger than I imagined it would be from the photo on 
Great product. I bought the Plantronics 510SL kit a few months ago to use a single headset while in the office and with my Sprint 6700 Windows Mobile 5 and 
AT Supplies are getting hard to find. It works. I just use it to power 5 and 12 volt items, non of which are an actual computer  
Excelente. Pienso que el problema que tienen otros, es que no siguen las instrucciones debidas, yo no he tenido ningn problema y trabaja a las mil maravillas.Gracias  
Good Radio with that price. Pro-good reception. I used it in the bus.Con-Don t have pre-station saving feature. Don t have lock button function therefore buttons are easy touched.Delivery is 
Great shelve system!. This is nice system, not very difficult to install but perhaps slightly intimating for someone not very handy.I installed mine through the drywall, into the concrete blocks 
Great HDMI Switch. Since this is my first experience with an HDMI switch I m not exactly sure what the difference is between this unit and the more expensive units, 
Great drive. I ve had this drive for a year now and I ve burned over 500 dvds. The drive is still going strong, with no signs of giving up. 
Traffic Kit. Found it fairly to self install and everything appears to be working but I have not been near any of the traffic problems listed in the warning , 
great item!!!!!excellent-: . if you own the zen vision then you must get this case! to begin with the design and fit are perfect for the zen vision m you 
Keyboard Stand. Whether standing or sitting, for a person who is 5 ft, 10 in tall, this is a good keyboard stand. I am very satisfied with this item  
Excellent, versatile product. everything it says it is and it s not as bulky as the adapters with large wires strung out the back of a oval looking hub. Slick 
Great Product, No Regrets. My brother has the Netgear WG511T Super G 108 PC Card for his notebook and it works great. So after I thought my Dell notebook internal 
The perfect small HDTV. I have way too many TVs in my home including two other Samsungs but I needed a small TV for the guest bedroom. Our cable provider 
Excellent product, for local use only. I bought this monitor to be used as display on expo s. The image quality is good, and its setup is a breeze. However, 
Big but heavy. Well designed bag with lots of room for extra stuff. Tough and rugged with high quality materials throughout. Great bag if your are taking your computer on 
mine. this is wonderful. I really like it. very portable and saves alot of songs  
Long Battery Life. I purchased the iRiver T10 to use at the gym so I also purchased the arm band for an accessory. I have yet to replace the battery 
Excellent product, Excellent service from Amazon !. Excellent service from Amazon, Best quality in lowest price, I am really very happywith Amazo  
sony ear clip headphones. Most headphones are uncomfortable in my ears but these are very comfortable and they don t fall off. Well worth the pric  
Great !!!. Simply the best bargain for a premium level audio video cable, same class as Monster Cable, bust half the price and double the sturdiness, a must for any 
Good quality. I does not consume much energy from the batteries. The laser technology is much better  
Great fan. I popped this guy right in under my ATI Radeon card and it does a real nice job drawing the air out. I can t hear it at 
Great mount for the price. I was totally satisfied with this product. I installed it in a concrete wall and had no problem with the installation once the holes were 
One of the Best Mouse. This is one of the best mouse for general use and great for gaming because it blazing fast plus it has plenty of buttons to 
Super-Useful. No need for USB cable, simply handy and comfortable to carry on your camera case..  
Easy to use Karaoke System. I bought the singing machine as a Christmas present for my 12 year old daughter. After completing a few setup items, the singing machine had 
hugh memory storage. It is very good on memory storage. It can keep my photos much more than 800 photos. However, with pretty big memory, my camera is so slow 
Peripherals would bitterly complain about the sluggishness. of my USB 1.0 connectors. Indulgent to a fault, quite some time ago, I bought this USB 2.0 card and stuck it in 
Excellent Product..... This charger has served me very well. I have been using it constantly. The addtional plug was a good part. Its dual voltage is the best part. It 
Recommeded buy. This is a good product and I definitely recommend it. It has cleaned up the big mess behind my computer desk. It was easy to use and works 
Fantastic!. No moving parts hard drive to wear out.Written instructions a bit lacking for my generation but once I figured out how to turn on all the Icons, I was 
It just works!. I regularly install new technology, both at work and at home. Rarely does new stuff like this actually work out of the box. However, the Netgear Powerline 
Best DVD Case Refills on the market and LEAST EXPENSIVE!. After much research I settled on the Case Logic DVD Wallet 140 Capacity and refill pages to add to the 
Not perfect, but good enough for the money. I read most of the comments before buying this mp3 player. I was thinking I might be lucky without suffering what people 
Great when paired with SageTV or GBPVR. This is a great piece of hardware, but the software that comes with it is horrendous.The solution? You ll have to download and 
Great little hub!. I got this hub to deal with the overflow of USB 2.0 devices I have been accumulating. It came promptly, the rebate was great, and it is 
Awesomeness. this amd rocks my face off-- I totally recommend buying it. It s probably the best deal for the money around  
Got me from pre-algebra to pre-calc. This is probably the best calculator for middle to high school kids. I got mine in seventh grade and it was all I needed 
Great product. Loved the picture and was and easy setup. Price was right and the style seemed to blend right into my room.  
Belkin 6ft Audio Y Splitter Cable 3.5mm Serial. It works just fine. I use it to attach my I pod to the reciever. Plus sometime my smaller radio works better 
nice little radio. A nice little radio. Good sound for the price. I like the easy-to-read station indicator.  
Good Unit if you know the limitations. For all those that complain about not being able to watch dvds or put in an address while driving, you can with a 
Good value. I have been using Axis 205 internet cameras to monitor my business locations. I decided one location needed a pan and tilt camera, so I gave this product 
Good, easy to install and inexpensive. Not the highest fidelity, but what can anyone expect for the money? Super easy install, I had the player radio unboxed and installed in 
great mouse. I love this mouse. It s comfortable to hold, and has a nice grip to it. The 5 buttons come with software that is mac compatible, making this 
Olympus 1 GB Type M xD-Picture Card. works great in my camera, recommend to anyone that wants to take a lot of pictures without having to download in between  
Great Device, but UPDATE THE BIOS!. At first I was having many problems - wouldn t sync, loss of or wouldn t connect to a WIFI signal, and the battery 
Fine quality. The converter is female S-Video on one side and male component video RCA on the other side. Works well...cheap and effective. Keep in mind that component video isn 
Panasonic Digital Cordless Telephone. We have been using this phone for almost a month and it has been performing flawlessly. I would recommend this phone to anyone  
Outstanding sound in a compact solid package!. This is a very good sounding, fairly high volume, compact, sturdy little portable sound system. I got it for my small 7 inch 
Samsung dlp the gold standard for HDTV. I have researched and looked at every TV type, and I think Samsung DLP is really the best. Compaints like rainbow effect seem 
I just loooove my KVM!. One keyboard, mouse and monitor to rule them all! Great for switching between work and home machines and only needing one mouse, keyboard and monitor. 
THE BEST WIFI MONEY CAN BUY!!!. This is truly the best WIFI you can get on the market right now. Its lightning fast its 4 machines put into 1. Most 
Saved my Marriage. Ok, I am only kidding but after listening to my wife complain with problems of not being online and having to restart her computer repeatedly I had 
Rotten instructions, product works fine. My mom gave me an eXplorist 200 GPS receiver for Christmas. I had a great deal of difficulty getting started with it because the instructions 
not bad good price. we enjoy the finger print options and the mouse is great too.. the keyboard has tons of options..i would buy this again..  
Nice!. Nice sound and ease of use. Set it so you can access it from your desktop and your changes are at your finger tips. As a blind person I 
Linksys Wireless Camera. My order arrived quickly and I plugged the camera into the wired eithernet and set it up. After the initial setup it worked with my wireless router. 
Solid purchase. This Strongman PDA case is sturdy and provides great protection for my palm. It is just large enough to also carry a pen, small memo pad and two 
Great device!. This is a great GPS device. My only complaint is that it is hard to turn the GPS tracking off. This is only an issue when you are 
some nice surprises, only a few annoyances. I like phones to be easy to use and in my experience AT&T cordless phones answering systems have been very easy to use. 
I think this thing looks goofy. The microphone works great. I use it for live messaging, and it s nicer than many webcamera microphones. It provides a good clear sound. 
Memorex 700MB 80-Minute 52x Data CD-R Media 50-Pack Spindle. the product arrive to me in very good condition, will recommend this product to anyone who needs blank cd  
very good calculator. I am a big fan of CASIO in general, and I cannot say anything bad about this calculator. It has very many features, and the 2 line 
Works fine, lasts a long time. I m shopping for my second MuVo. With what seems like hundreds of choices out there, this is high praise.1. It is simple - 
zhang. We were looking for a compact system and this particular system takes up very little space! It also has amazing sound  
It is that good. I have this radio sitting on end ,back under my work table and I m getting great FM reception inside a building without an antenna.I am 
Solid, but bad wall mounting bolts. This mount is very heavy duty and works great with my new 40 Samsung LCD HDTV. The only issue was that the bolts aren 
Good price and for R800 or R1800. Under 11 is a good price for the Epson ink catridges and they work for the R800 or R1800, which I have, a 
great replacement foam for apple in ear headphones. I bought the 40 dollar apple in ear headphones. The little rubber things they have always popped out. These foam replacements are 
Solid Phone with Good Answering Machine. I have had this phone for a couple months now, and it has performed well for the most part. The only problem I have 
You Can t Go Wrong!!. The CD-Stomper was worth the money. It was very easy to use and the labels fits perfect every time. Like they say, a child can 
1 GB card. I m afraid I don t know a lot about this technology. I went for economy and I am getting very good quality photos. I think I 
Great product. i love this headset from sennheiser. I have tried options from other vendors and none of them have given me the quality and functionality that the PC-120 has 
Great Radio ... Great Price. This radio is great. I cranked it for two minutes just to test it and it played for over 3 hours during our power outage. 
8 Batteries always at the ready! Alkaline, NiMH or NiCDs. Some introduction to rechargeable batteries and this unit:I own two of these large chargers - so I actually have 16 
Viking CF cards 100 reliable for me. I ve used Viking CompactFlash cards in digital cameras for years and have NEVER had a problem with ANY of them. Never a 
The end of Verizon in my life is near!. Oh yes, my prayers have been answered! A wonderful phone. Not a single complaint. When my Verizon contract runs out; Skype 
GOOD PRODUCT AT A REASONABLE PRICE. I wanted a 1080P display to work as the basis for a multimedia PC. First, I purchased a Playstation 3 bad idea to operate 
Good Value. OEM charger failed. Replaced with this one -- it s more compact & functions well  
Audio excellence. I stayed out of the MP3 player market forever but I had a couple travel engagements quickly approaching and just the thought of loading up on batteries and 
Big, yet small. Great backpack if you re worried about protection.It even fits my monstrous 10 pounder laptop too.the problem i have with it is that it is actually a 
Reasonable Alternative to iPod... Pros: The gigabeat is considerably cheaper for more capacity than an iPod. It is compatible with Plays For Sure and Vongo movie download service . Nice 
Turn down the lights!. I have to agree with other posters here who praise the sound, but can t stand the bright blue lights.Performance: GREAT! It made the stock speakers 
Shaver. I had similiar Braun shaver that I wore out. This is the best shaver I have ever used. Bar none  
Book stand. I was kinda concerned in regards to the price of the book stand, and from the pics it looked like it was a flimsy piece of plastic, but 
Worth the big bucks!. Considering the Logitech website states that this product isn t available until Oct.31st, I don t know why people are ancy. Mine came 3 weeks ahead 
Creative Sound Blaster X-Fi XtremeGamer Fatal1ty Pro Series Sound Card. Great soundcard! I noticed in Battlefield 2142 that I can hear the sounds of footsteps behind me better. I m 
Simple, effective, cheap. It s white, it s cheap, and it s made for the iPod. Those are the most important things. Just tote along the firewire cable that came 
awsome!. I got this for my husband who is going back to school later this year for his masters! He loved it! It made a great stocking stuffer!I wish I 
Great Product. This is an excellent product. I run with it almost everyday and I wear it when I lift. I haven t had any problems with it yet. The 
It s called the Ultra Mini for a reason!. This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub.The cord is about 2.5 feet long 
first timer router user. support, support, support the main three key words with any router. Linksys does an excellent job with product & support.  
PARTY IN THE KITCHEN. GREAT VOLUME....LOOKS GOOD....CUTE MAGNET REMOTE ON THE FRIDGE....ONLY THING MORE I CAN ASK IS THAT IT WORKS FOREVER....SMIL  
Skeptical at first... but won me over. I ll admit, that when I first saw this device I was skeptical. It looked like another big piece of consumer electronic junk 
A KIDS REVIEW. well to start off i got mine for christmas and have not had a problem since i have got it!the battery life is nice and the fact 
My 5th and best TiVo. I started with TiVo in 1999 and I was sure that I didn t want it but I had heard such great things about it. 
Review of Universal Remote Control. This was bought for a 95 year old lady who has problems seeing. This product arrived in a flash, and works like a charm. It 
Great Enclosure - Honors Energy Saver settings on Mac OS X. The enclosure is rugid and well designed. The hard disk controller on my labtop died. I put my hard 
Good Satellite Box. Liked the features for the price. Especially liked the hidden antenna wire feature.:  
Ipod accessories. Love these. They are so thin and invisible, I sometimes forget they re on my ipod. They don t interfere at all with my armband - my ipod 
What a picture!. This is my second projector - I used an NEC for the last four years, but that died on me recently. And, boy, am I glad it 
Lexar Secure II. Excellent product. Already has helped with many projects. Recieved on time  
Belkin F5D5050 Networking USB to Ethernet Adaptor. Absolutely a life saver. Installed itself I use XP Professional and automatically disabled my malfunctioning either-net adapter, on my motherboard.Works like a charm. 
Great cleanser, recommended by Apple. Cleans my screen and leaves it streak-free. No problems to speak of  
my favorite switch. nice to see these babies coming down in price. it s a great switch, and the perfect compliment to my home - which is very conveniently wired 
Plays all the DVDs that I have burned from ISO files. Pros: I bought it because I have a collection of DVDs that I have burned from shrunk, decrypted image 
good value. cb is an excellent value,it worked fine and has an adjustable rf gain  
Comfortable and secure. These are my favorite of all the rubber sleeves I ve ever used on my assorted collection of ear canal headsets. They are a bit sticky so 
Very nice. Despite having read criticisms of how this headset felt when being worn, I personally have had no real problems. However to be honest I have not worn the 
Love My Walkman. I love this CD Walkman,especially the headset-or should I say ear plugs since it does not have actual head phones over your head. The sound is so 
High quality. I can t say that I see a huge difference between this and my other cable, but I do feel the difference. The cord is thicker, the ends 
These DVD s are really good... These DVD s are really good... I have yet to have any problems..  
Power UPS! Everything you need to know. First of all why do you want a power UPS? There are some very good reasons. 1 You never want your machine to 
satisfied. OK, I had a problem with my power adapter also. It just stopped working. But I have only good things to say about Targus customer service. I wrote an 
Not knowledgeable enough to have made this order. I did not know enough able this item to have made this purchase. It was a gift and the 13 yr old 
No longer best on the market. My original review is below. It still stands if you may have some of these hanging around from 2004 or before. Shortly after I 
Not a bad phone. This phone is easy to use, easy to program and very easy to erase messages. This will be my second one. My first one lasted years. 
Gives peace of mind. My model is slightly different, the one in Canada comes with a thermometer I was paranoid about SIDS and would keep checking my baby s breathing. 
If only I could give it more stars. I really couldn t imagine life without my iPod anymore..  
Can t Go Wrong. Works perfectly - right size for smaller space - good for the money  
A KIDS REVIEW. well to start off i got mine for christmas and have not had a problem since i have got it!the battery life is nice and the fact 
Great iPod Protection. This iPod case is everything it was advertised to be.My daughter hates it but she hates everything . Itoffers a tough rubbery edging that will no doubt 
All I can say is Wow! . This little gadget is amazing! It actually did a better job pulling in HD signals over the air than my standard TV setup, 
Excellent printer!. I also have a DeskJet 6980 and loved it. Very fast, USB, ethernet, bluetooth, and wireless connectivity in a built in print server to boot. I just bought 
Great, great, great. Great sound and quality, the design make it nicely portable, can fit every type of ipod, so I can play my nano, then immediately switch to my 
Sturdy, well-designed bag. This is an excellent, well constructed bag, and certainly the best method of transporting your IM7. The exterior fabric is a heavy duty nylon material, similar to 
Good Value. For the money you can t beat it. With four kids I go through batteries by the case and have often had issues with generic brands. These batteries 
Superb. I did buy this I Pod charger, for me, and it worked great. My wife also wanted one, and I did buy her the 2nd, so we both own 
Love the TV. This is a great TV for the price! I couldn t be happier with the quality and the service was just as good. Thank  
Definite &quot;Must Have&quot; for Travelors with laptops!. This product is a &quot;must have&quot; for people who travel and work on their laptops. Even if you have access to airline &quot;Club&quot; 
Mobile Edge Express Backpack. I ve had this over a month and just love it. Plenty of pockets and it s very comfortable. Good padding around the Laptop  
nice jacket. perfect jam jacket for my Zen. Keeps it neat and easier to handle  
Definately sped up my computer!!!. I plugged this baby in, and I can definately see the difference in performance! I became so proud of my computer! Until I ran out 
Bose Acoustimass. I bought this product despite reading several forums that consistantly bash Bose products. I am not an audiophile so I don t need the best possible speakers for 
The best picture out there... Believe me, Sony sets do make a difference. How did I pick this TV? I went to BestBuy, stood there watching and comparing all HDTV 
Probably why the professor recommended it. This calculator is easy to use for the statistics problems I need it for. The probability key is pretty intuitive. Worth the money  
Took getting used to...now LOVIN it. When I first got the headphones, I was frustrated...they seemed quiet...not much bass...didn t sound that great.What I ve read in other reviews is 
Great system, worth every penny. You won t be disappointed here. The thing is easy to set up, and it works like a charm once you get it going. It 
I love this card & so will you. My previous experience with SimpleTech s 128 MB SD card was what drove me to buy the same brand, but double the 
Great solution. This is a great little phone. My house is full of electronic equipment. The 2.4 ghz phones really interfere with other equipment as well as other equipment interfere 
It works. The printer printed fine. The labels fit the CD Stomper. You need to use jet printer vs laser because the laser toner wouldn t stick on the label 
Great Enthusiast case and it s quiet!. What s not to like here? It s a big case that moves a ton of air and is quiet while doing it. 
Quality Keyboard & Mouse. Pros:Like a quality piano, the keys give a sense of weight, the bend in the keyboard tool some getting used too but now am typing a 
Its easy. I ve had this card for years and it has always worked great. I bought a new one for my sister to use in her laptop  
Greatest Item Ever!!!. This sync and charging cable is excellent! The item is very simple to use and easy to transfer. Go into a store anywhere, and get charged and 
The best I ve had. Pros:- large mousing surface, I don t run out even on a 2560px wide desktop- gel pad has just the right height for me- the 
Excellent rechargables!. These are great! I have 4 Wii remotes, a Wavebird and numerous other devices constantly needing AA batteries. The problem with most rechargeables is how quickly they lose 
Excellent Product. I really like the fact that it opens like a book. Excellent product. Takes great care of IPod  
A Little Entertainment. This DVD player is great for use anywhere - the car, the office, the bed, etc.  
Great drive!. I have had no problems, just plug it in and go! Excellent product  
Exactly what is advertised!. Great quailty, well made and my iPod nano fits in it well. Sound is as good as can be expected considering the size of the speakers 
Awesome. My wirless now averages about 300-400 MB, with my Linksys-G i could not even get a signal in my concrete block house.If you want a real firewall, get this. 
Works great, just follow the directions. Just like the others... it works beautifully for my LCD s & plasma, and does great on iPods 4G and Nano ... but follow 
Didn t Break!. The last pair of headphones I had were Sony Fontopia In-Ear. They broke about two weeks after I got them and had been struggling with getting the 
Great for slipping into another bag. I bought my daughter a cool leather bag for her Mac laptop, but the leather was not really soft and she worried there wasn 
Very versatile Printer for the money. I purchased this printer to replace an old HP inkjet printer that had become worn out. I have had this printer for about 3 
Outstanding sound and features, poor clock display. Just purchased this Sony CD alarm clock and I have to say most reviewers are right on target. While it has superior sound 
Great Service, nice printer for the money!. I was looking for a cheap, dependable printer and found exactly what I needed just to print out invoices. That s all we 
Balancing with some negatives. I like it a lot. But amid all the raves most of which I agree with , I think some of the negatives get lost. So 
Must Have Line of Sight or Pigtail. Works great if you have right side usb port, if you are right handed .Used on my other laptop the port is in 
some pros, cons of a really good training tool. I used this to track my movement rate during road marches with a 70-80 pound rucksack and while running. It worked 
Best Hp Photo Printer yet. I ve been using this printer for a couple of weeks now and I m very happy with it. The prints are spectacular! I ve 
Sony SSM-F750H 3-Way 200-Watt Tower Speakers. Excellent purchase. Use in a home theater setting. Not as heavy on the bass as previous speakers, but I have a 100w boom box 
Good Product. I thought the instructions were okay. At very least, they laid the foundation to operating the different functions of the turntable and software. Tech support is good too. 
Trouble shooting. It is May 2006. The Telezapper TZ900 has been discontinued for at least a couple of years. You can still buy them online at Amazon, eBay, and other 
This TV is Excellent!!!. I bought this TV back in November 2005 at Best Buy when it was a little bit more expensive. I considered the plasma s and the 
Notepal Cooler. I did not know there was such a thing as a Notepal & I was so pleased to learn about it & get it here so I don 
Amazing sound. Love this speaker system. Ideal for a teenager because it s small, portable and produces amazing sound. Runs on AC power or batteries, so we can use it 
Sturdy with form and function. I ve had my Wave CD storage rack for almost 5 years now and I m more than happy with it. It s been moved 
Works perfectly. This device does exactly what it s advertised to do. It works on my HP desktop pc without an a c adapter. It runs quietly and cool. Transfers 
works with old lombard pismo or newer? macs powerbooks with pci slot. You must have 10.3.9 and the newest version airport for it along with a patch issued by Apple 
Order the extra remote!. My sister and I purchased this for our father for Christmas, and he absolutely loves it. One issue I have with it is the COMPLETE lack 
HT18 review. I use these speakers on the exterior walls of my home. They recieve signals from my Denon 2807 reciever and the sound great. Instalation was simple and they 
Great quality media!!. For general purpose everyday burning I like the TDK s. Probably not any better or worse than other major brands like Maxell and Fuji, but I like 
Works Perfectly; Exactly What I Needed. I teach college courses, and I occasionally have students in my office and I want to show them something on the computer. I looked 
Awesome sound!. I LOVE these earphones. They re all you could ask for in terms of bass response, which is exactly what I bought them for. I listen to a 
An amazing value at this pricepoint when compared to the HD 555s. Let me say right off the bat that I am very picky about sound when it comes to 
Cannot go wrong with Verbatim!. I have been using various CD DVD burners, and sometimes certain combinations of blank media and burners have given me troubles. I found Verbatim blank 
H K Stereo reciever. This is a quality stereo receiver! I got this for my mom with some new Polk Audio speakers and everything sounds great. I may have to 
Some flaws, good clock. I bought this to use as a medication timer. For that purpose, assuming you don t have to take medication more than twice a day it 
So far, so good... Am writing this on my new keyboard -- the 6000 v2. It was a snap to set up, however, it doesn t want to connect to 
For all the people that complained, get teh update for pete s sake. For 249 that s what i paid and it s cheaper now, you do not get Water 
Great quality. Great sound quality Powerfull enough to fill my living room though probably not with 25 people in party mode with a small footprint.- The remote requires you to 
Why didnt I discover this a long time ago? I mean it is monster. Ok. I just got a big screen, Dlp, t.v. I had not gotten around to picking 
Great Speed and Lots of Memory. I have a Nikon D200 and this works perfectly with my camera. The read to write speed is great! I am going to buy 
Griffin Technology Dock400 FireWire Cable for iPod. Griffin Technology Dock400 FireWire Cable for iPod. This is another great product from Griffin Technology. I ve been purchasing various products from them 
Worked perfectly. It comes with all the cables you ll need for all 4 PCs and works perfectly. No problems at all. Plugged everything in and it just works without 
Magellan explorist vehicle mount. product looks and acts as it should. Will work well with GPS reciver  
Great Expectations. I expected a high quality product from D-Link. This products exceeded my expectations.It did good.  
never had any prolems. I brought the iriver t10 in feb. of 2006 and I haven t had any major problems with it. i paid only 119.00 for mines at 
Best in hes Class!!. I bought this, for me, a really chip price. I was not expecting the best quality sound but it fool me, it sounds really great, not 
Great Mouse. I ve had this mouse for about 3 years now. It recently started fraying where the cord attaches to the USB connector. Other than that, I ve really 
Good Storage. This cd case is an excellent companion in the car, and it is the best i have found that holds 92 cd s. Although it is a little 
Good Investment. I puchased this jumpdrive over 2 years ago and I have no complaints in fact I would like to purchase the 1 GB jumpdrive  
Good Solution. I purchased this to share an Epson Inkjet printer, and did the job out of the box, the only thing that I miss is the ability to use 
Nice price, lots of features. This is a nice handheld color unit with lots of great features for the price  
Excellent for the price. This is an excellent follow on to the orginal S350 and enhances the design to a higher end product. This is an analoge tunner with a 
Great simple uprade. For those of us who have a fast reliable older computer, this is a great upgrade for geting video from your digital camera to your PC. I 
Great compact CB. I just installed this CB in the center console of my new Toyota FJ Cruiser. It is very compact and i can easily remove it when I 
A very good product. I ve owned this CD player for 3 weeks by now. The sound quality is great, and I m also very satisfied with the anti-skip function 
Philips PHDTV1 Indoor Antenna Review. Amazon price is lowest. This model antenna works well for OTA signals. Have two of these units. Position and height are Hypercritical for this or 
Worked great with Sanyo Xacti HD1A. I purchased this memory card for use with a new Sanyo digital video camera. The memory worked great. No problems in the camera recognizing 
Easy to Setup for PC & Mac. I read others reviews of this product and decided on this one based on the reviews. It really did only take me about 
Pretty Good, Don t Skimp on the Repair Paste. I ve been looking for a way to fix the DVDs our toddler enjoys . Obviously he shouldn t handle them, 
Great Device. This pointer wireless remote works exactly as it should. just place the usb stick in your computer and wait for it to load. then turn on your powerpoint 
Nice drive. I got this drive because I needed a cheapo DVD-ROM drive for my guest computer. Well, to my surprise, it s really fast. When loading software, the drive 
works great!. all i can say is this card works great in my treo 650. i recommend it to anyone  
Best to use Manufacturer Ink. Best to use Manufacturer Ink.I have used other Non-Name inks for my Canon Printer and color was Not the same.So, I only buy Manufacturer Ink 
Best of the Best - Wacom Intuos3 9x12 USB Tablet. I m a digital media student and freelance multimedia artist, and my mom is a retired commercial artist.We both bought 
Exceptional Zippered CD Wallet. I like accessories that are functional and really work as they were intended and designed. Such is the case with this product. It holds CDs securely 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
better than comcast HD-DVR. I got this to replace a comcast HD-DVR and have been very pleased so far. It seems more responsive, e.g. when fast-forwarding. The TiVo menus are 
Great sounds. I got this radio to use on my motorcycle,and it works great clippedto my belt.Most of the time don t even need the ant.unless travelingfurther from town.Batt. lasts 
Great looks and sound. I have this radio for two weeks now. I am very satisfied with the reception of AM, FM and Short Wave -- very sensitive. Has great 
It Works!. My laptop monitor has always given a reddish cast to my graphics. Consequently, my attempts at color correcting my photos wound up with very yellow results in my 
great fan if you dont mind the smell of mothballs for a few days. i purchased this fan directly from sharper image may 15th, 2006. as soon as i removed 
Plays very well. I found this tape player to play very well; the sound is clear and the reliability is very good. For those that have cassettes and can t 
Took some getting used to, but they sound great!. I recently started a new job, and was happy to learn that my employer offers its developers reimbursement for up to 
Great buy from Amazon. I realy couldn t go wrong with this one. At under 100 with free shipping and Amazons return policy... I got one just to test it 
Great product!. I bought three of these MP3 Players for my kids for Christmas and they love them! My children s ages are 9, 11 and 13 and my 9 
Just Amazing !!!!!. The first time I saw this piece was at Wal-mart. I had listened to Sony,Philips, JVC, Panasonic, RCA in that order, the difference was instantly clear. Then 
Great case!. I got this after using a metal universal 4th gen case on my ipod for a long time. The window was too small and the case came with 
Nice Product, Take the Time to Implement. Bought this for our top dog sales guy. We have VoIP and also have WiFi in the office, so we had concerns about 
Big Voice. This speaker is bigger than I would like, it looks funny on top of my TV. That being said, it sounds really good. I am happy with it. 
It works- what else is there?. I like the solid case of this switch.I do not like that the ports are on the front - if you are like me 
Not immediately impressed.... I must admit that at first I was not thrilled with the picture quality. Going from a standard 27 television to an LCD I was expecting a 
Sony STR-DE898 very good economy receiver. I had to replace my old receiver. I didn t want to spent a lot but still wanted a quality receiver with power.The Sony 
Works fine. Using it with Comcast cable modem and two computers about 500 feet and 1 floor apart. Works quite reliably, it auto detects the IP and does eveything transparently. 
excellent. i bought this item with my kodak easy share c330 and this item is very good it store 250 photos with a resolution of 4mp each one and 15 
Thank Goodness for D-Link!!!!. You can read my review of the horrendous time we had with the Syslink BEFSR41 under that product.Returned it and purchased the D-Link EBR-2310. After the 
Home Theater in a Box. You really can t go wrong with this one. Not great response but what do you expect for less than 300? On the other hand, 
Vinyl to plastic. Converting old records 78s,45s and 33s is easy to do, but does record the scratches as well...some might find it charming! Had an old Trini Lopez 16 
calvary external hard drive. awesome so far. Haven t had any problems. easy to use. fast!!!!  
iRiver T10 1 GB - 80 . I am quiet satisfied with the T10.3 cons:no reset button, AA battery type I prefer litium ion , primitive menu.3 Pros:mp3 voice record 
Great Product - Great Price. First offthis is the best integration I ve seen of a speaker alarm iPod trio!The iPod plugs in real easily, and it is charged while 
great card- great price. Lots of room.. I don t have to worry about running out of pictures- even in RAW format. And a Ton of pcitures in hi-res JPEG 
Atlantic Satellite Speaker Stands. They are heavy because of it material but it does the work and looks nice  
Worth the . Sound quality is very good and they do have noise canceling properties. Would definitely buy again  
Belkin Ethernet Adaptor. This adaptor was very user friendly. My computer found the hardware right away and the driver was easy to install. The product seems well made; I really 
Much beeter than home antenna. Hooked this baby up today and it works awesome! It made the signal so strong even a storm didn t effect it. Gotta love amazon 
TI LINK. GREAT TRANSACTION GREAT QUALITY PART AND FAST SHIPING RECIVED PART LONG B4 EXPECTED. GREAT SELLE  
Cruzer. Works good, small, and comes with handy little stickers to put on so you can write contact info in case you lose it, though slightly costl  
Great tool!. This mouse is up to the standard for the MS mice! Everything on it works as advertised. It has a L-O-N-G battery life due to the ability to 
Practically Perfect!. I recently moved to the northeast and decided that I would pay a little more for this system with the hope that it would do at least half 
Business use. Works great, we connected a PC and MAC computer to the box and it works like a charm  
pretty impressive considering. These little things are pretty impressive when applied to a suitable surface. They actually sound really good at lower volumes. They won t rock your house but 
Good Workhorse. I have installed 2 of these in a double ice surface arena, the home of a very busy skating school. I can say that this product under the 
Easy to install and works great!. I was able to mount my 20 LCD in about 15 minutes using this product. It feels very secure on the wall and is 
A little bit bigger. It s ok to use. Just a little bit bigger than normal mouse pad  
Pretty useful product. You will appreciate this product only if you don t have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, 
A great television!. We recently received my Samsung LN-S4096D and the picture is fantastic! I didn t want an extra box from the cable company so we went with the 
A nice product. This little machine is a gem.It makes recordings that are crisp and clear.A simple rugged design that will perform for years. nuff said  
Doing exactly what it should. This drive has been running constantly since I purchased it nearly a month ago, serving as a storage drive for a large, environmental model that 
Great cable, good price...you can t go wrong. Great cable especially for the price. Upgraded from analog D-sub cable to this DVI cable, immediately noticed a difference in quality on 
Expensive, but worth it. I was getting tired of the standard battery dying after just a couple of hours of use so I decided to splurge and buy the extended 
finally a solution that works!. Awesome! I have entered in over 1500 leads and am able to manage them easily. I can t believe this has been out there and 
Franklin Spelling Ace. I have priced this in stores and the price here can not compare. This is a great tool for office and home, also great for use when 
The real deal. This is the second universal learning remote I have purchased. The first, costing well over 100 when I bought it, failed to even get close to controlling 
Great system backup!. I connected this Cavalry 250 to my systems plural and within minutes I was backing up and restored my home computer in no time.The external drive is 
Griffin iFM vs. Apple Radio Remote.. and the winner is. Griffin iFM vs. Apple Radio RemoteiFM Pros: arrangement of buttons makes operation by touch a cinch cosmetic available in black 
Why Blu-Ray Kills HD DVD. The only thing I will say about the BDP-S1 is that it is top quality.Picture and sound quality are top-notch, but everything really depends on 
Follow Advice Above and it s Great!. My Quest II ran pretty slow when I first got it, in accord with what many others have said. However, an above review 
This is one awesome little device!. I use it every day. It is a Gig and just all around awesome. I have not submerged it but they say it is 
As expected. As good as I expected. Nothing bad and nothing outstanding either. It s as fun and easy as expected. We particularly like the scoring system. It s fun. 
Great Hub. This hub takes care of old power issues I had with smaller unpowered hubs . It is handling my pda, usb jump drive, high capacity external drive, and 
Absolutely LOVE them!. I absolutely love these headphones! I m really picky when it comes to the ear buds. Most ear buds hurt my ears and are hard to hear. 
very impressed. this product so far is working amazing, no odd noises, actually no noise at all, incredibly silent, plus it moves a great deal of air. remote is responsive 
JLab Audio BFW01 B-Flex Hi-Fi Stereo USB Laptop Speaker. Several weeks ago, my speakers on my laptop quit working. After reading several comments on the internet, I found out this 
Great MP3 player. I purchased this item initially because of the price, compared to the IPOD s. I LOVE it! My husband has the video IPOD and his battery needs 
Excellent DVD VCR!. I recently had a Panasonic DVD VCR player that went haywire, so upon tons of research on several different brands, styles, kinds of DVD VCR combos, I 
Excellent Product, Works Great; But save up an Extra hundred dollars and get an ipod. This minidisc has great quality, works perfectly. I have no problems with it. But in 
The Best Laptop Bag On The Market!. I have been searching far and wide for the perfect laptop bag for my 15.4 Macbook Pro... and here it is. Unlike most 
impressive. I wasn t exactly sure of what to think of these speakers at first.My setup includes a pair of these speakers, connected to a 6.5 Klipsch woofer from the 
For occational light duty use, it s great. Was purchased for occational fax use in a home office and works there just fine. Quality of received faxes is good, as 
Great Camera. Bought 2 of these to watch over my house while I am at work. Setup is pretty easy, but be prepared to wait a minute after changed settings, 
Memory at a great price. Delivered as promised. Works great in my HP digital camera  
Excellent Product!. This is an very easy solution to those of us who need another telephone outlet. Very easy to install and it work great! Perfect in solving the problem 
Great Case. I ordered this as a back-up in case I break the one that came with my player. So far, no problems. I would definitely recommend this product  
great item. this is wonderful for us because we use 2 computers at one desk. i wish i had bought it a year ago.  
An optical cable is an optical cable. Don t fall for the rediculous notion that there is some difference between the quality of different optical cables. Unlike analog cables like 
Better than the others. I ve used Linksys and DLink wireless routers for years. I wanted easy remote access to network cameras at my home and this did that trick. 
I use this on my ATV. I have been using this mount on my ATV for 3 years. My friends also uses one, although he s broken 2 and almost 
Excellent first GPS. A great simple GPS with some neat extras such as Compass.The manual is not very good on it. They seem to forget to put in the manual 
I Love the gel crystal wrist rest. This has relieved a lot of the stress and strain on my wrist when using my mouse a touch screen version. I highly 
Great Mouse. I have had this mouse for for over 6 months now. This is just as good as my logitech 310mx. The only difference is, it is smaller and 
Good case with minor quirks. I purchased my case about a month ago, to replace the flexible cover that originally came with the Tungsten. The case is a hard aluminum 
Very handy - good product. I bought this to back up data and its size is perfect. The 120GB capacity is useful for a drive of this size too. Its 
great picture. great tv. high quality pic. dvd is very convenient. hard to beat this quality pric  
Belkin iPod Video Case. Been looking for a good case for my iPod and this one is great! The only problem I have with it so far, is that taking 
Lexmark Black Injet cartridge. Cartridge is easy to install and works great! Transaction went smoothly.......  
I LOVE THESE -. I bought a ZEN 30G MP3 player and could not stand the earbuds they came with. They hurt so much that I used head phones until 
Great scanner. My wife always hated our old scanner. She complained that it was too complicated to use, therefore, I did all the scanning. When it died she was joyous. 
Great little TV. I love this TV. It s a perfect size, the picture is great ... sound is decent. Perfect for a small room such at for a bedroom 
Well pleased. I found this CD Changer to be easy to operate and it to have good sound -everything I had expected  
Ergonomic, excellent mouse - software buggy. The mouse itself is very nicely designed and cool looking. I use it with my Apple Mac G5. The optical tracking is great, no 
Can t understand the problems others are having. This is my second one of this model, I burned up the first myself when we moved and I accidentially plugged the 
Super reliable charger. This Travel-Charger is very reliable and helps a lot while traveling through Europe because is supports 230 V sockets as well as 120 V sockets. It usually 
Top Quality; How much longer availability?. It is very difficult to find any VHS blank tapes let alone high quality 160 tapes. The VCRs will fade into the sunset and 
works fine. I ve had this scanner for a few weeks now and it works fine. I had a scanner previously so I had little trouble entering frequencies and otherwise 
A decent microphone. This mike is very clear and sensitive. The one drawback you might find is that in situations where it is anywhere near your speakers it will cause 
Belkin AV51000 Component Video Cable. Purchased from BeachAudio. Ordered late Tuesday arrived on Friday UPS ground. BeachAudio promised good service and they delivered. Good price for the exact product I 
JUST WHAT THEY SAY THEY ARE. SHOP AROUND AND YOU CAN FIND THESE FAIRLY INEXPENSIVE. THEY ARE LIGHTSCRIBE CD-Rs. THEY WORK GREAT AND LOOK GREAT!  
PERFECT NAP CONTROL TOOL!. I m perfectly satisfied with this wonderful travel companion and NAP CONTROL assistant! I treasure this magnificent little creation and handle it with adoring care! After 
Why does Bose induce so many contradictory opinions?. I am not an audiophyle, just a music lover. My main system consists of Proac 140 speakers, MF x 150 amp and 
Best 80 I ever spent on portable electronics. I got one of these a few years ago. It s been to several countries, on camping trips, bicycle trips, subways, etc 
Love it. I love LiteOn products... I own a CD-R burner from them and it s lasted over five years... still works great. The software which came with the drive 
Radar Detector. I have a son in travel hockey. I bought this product because my husband recently got a ticket while driving to a tournament. The cost of this item 
I love this printer. I do a lot of printing and was tired of paying color print prices for a lot of text printing so I ordered the HP Laserjet 
Great card for audiophiles. If you switch from a Creative to this card you will notice a dramatic change in music quality, especially if you listen in a lossless format 
No Problems with this Software on an iMac. I recently purchased this labelmaker system for use on my iMac, and have had no problems at all. I printed out my 
Great Sound and Easy to Use But There s a Catch. The Bose Wave Radio II is easy to use, has top-of-the-line speakers and has a high-quality build. I use 
Worked better than the newer Linksys N. I picked up a much newer Linksys N router and Notebook adapter and promptly took them back. The Belkin Pre-N Access Point and 
Good Product. I have had this memory card for a little less than two months and I have had no problems using it with my Fugi camera. I would recommend 
ZP100 Bundle Review. Great product! It is very well organized and the support is awesome  
Perfect for our needs. We usually take our laptop on vacations and often use it as an in-room DVD player. Our Toshiba Satellite s built-in speakers are, like most laptop 
Problem with FM transmitter but better than alternatives. I got the SN-FMCUP for my wife to use her E260 in her car. The cup fits nicely in several different sized 
I m A Traditionalist.. Over the years I have purchased many rack items for my component stereo systems including quadraphonic 8-track now I lost ya . I always thought you 
Samsung 42 TV. The TV is really nice. It works easily. I have it hooked up to a cable network. My friend also bought one about a week earlier and 
Much about Nothing. I was a litte skeptical about buying these phones, after reading the bad reviews. But, I went ahead and bought them any way on sale off the 
Excellent & Usable SMB Product. This once available product has served me well.Very dynamic, universal in use, and user friendly. What more could be asked of a simple battery backup 
Center pivot loose. The arm is entirely adjustable and clears my desk area with a simple push.One defect that I noticed is the ratchet adjustable verticle swivel point is loose 
COOL YOUR LAPTOP. GREAT ITEM, POWERED OFF LAPTOP ITS FANS WORK QUIETLY TO KEEP LAPTOP COOL. SO YOU CAN ACTUALLY US YOUR LAP, WITHOUT FEAR OF OVERHEATING YOUR COMPUTER. AN 
Stylish with one minor flaw. Very nice product, but the mounting screws and holes were too small for my 26 WS LCD. I had to drill the mounting holes larger 
More Power to You. The Radeon X1950XTX is ATI s latest offering in the world of high-end videocards. With 384 million transistors on a 90-nanometer fabrication process and 512 megabytes 
Audio Technica AT440ML. I have used a Shure M91 cartridge for years. Excellent cartridge. After having a rough time finding a decent replacement stylus I decided to move on to 
great product. very pleased with this projector; great resolution, easy setup, and plenty of options for connectivity and image adjustment. Over an 8ft distance, I have a n image size 
High Quality and Sturdy. This pack easily fits my 15.4 widescreen laptop along with all of my computer gear. It s very well made and sensibly laid out. My only 
wonderful product - wonderful service. HDTV image is gorgeous,especially after adjusting the contrast. Vanns provided good shipping time,great service,and promptly arranged for refund of price drop when requested.Would recommend both 
expedited shipping was waste of money. While the product was as advertized and packed well, the box didn t leave the seller for 4 business days and took an additional 
I got it for FREE... well almost. This is one of the best headphones in the market and works seamlessly with iPod or with any other music device. It has 
Great for what they are. I think these are great speakers considering their size and they are a very good value for the price. I ve been putting together a 
Stereo Reciever. Running multi-room speakers with a spitter. No problems, Good sound. Speaker wire connectors could be more secure. Had good results with radio reception also. Unit is a definate 
Garmin not ready for Windows VISTA BAD BAD GARMIN. SOFTWARE WILL NOT RUN ON WINDOWS VIST  
good one. with great battery life, light is not that strong, but OK, using AA batteries  
for commuters and travellers everywhere. How often are you on the way to work or to a meeting and you end up getting stuck in the traffic jam of the 
USE IT, LOVE IT. I have had my Pocket PC for quite some time now, and I love the convenience that it offers.Plus:- Great color screen- Fast and easy to 
Great, with new firmware. This is a great router in terms of speed and coverage. Once updated with the new firmware, the DI-624M has worked really well with very good 
Canon KP-361P paper pack for Canon CP100 printer. The paper pack is extrememly convenient. It is designed exclusively for the printer; is very easy to load and comes with the 
Well Pleased. Recieved the order in good shape and the proper time frame. Thank you. Ra  
good value. These ear buds provide a VERY good fit. They block out a lot of external noise. Much better than my previous ear buds. The sound is clear with 
HARDWARE IS GOOD SOFTWARE IS TOSSABLE. I have been looking at these capture units for a while. I have only used one before this. [Dazzle] As mentioned before the Ulead 
big sound out of a small package. the Klipsch igroove can go toe to toe with the more expensive bose sound wave all day long. I researched dockable ipod mp3 
Great Cordless. Just what I wanted. I ve had this phone for over a year now, and I have yet to have any issues with it. Buying refurbished is enough 
very good small radio. This is a very good radio, well-built, acceptable reception by considering its size and price. The quality of the sound is great. It also shows time 
excellent hd tv. this tv lives up to its name, picture in hd is unbelievable, its pays to spend alittle more to get a top rated sharp  
One of the Best Ever. I have used most gaming mice that have been released since year 2000. Prior to the Deathadder, my mouse of choice was the Logitech G5. 
GREAT--Better than Ipod. I bought the ZEN Vision M 30gb a few months ago, and it has worked flawlessly. Great interface, and sync software. This is probably the easiest to 
Great Product. After going through more than ten different manufactures of DVD R media I have to say I have had the best results with these. Close to 100 burn 
Fuji 1GB xD Picture card. This card seems to give the same excellent photos as my other Fuji cards. Love the huge number of photos I can take. Very handy 
I really like it. This is a pretty good mouse, I can t really expound more than those below me but, It is almost the perfect size, maybe just a 
Amazon needs to correct the name of this item. Support Amd Socket AM2 Athlon 64 X2 Athlo 64 Fx Athlon 64 Sempron Nvidia Nfor is not the name of this 
USB Port hub. Makes it so much easier to plug it all in. Best price I found. Getting one for laptop and to give to friends. Beats getting under the 
Works great - with caveats. This converter works great but with caveats. Specifically, if older 1994 and older mouse drivers are used the mouse input will be erratic and after 
It s a good tool...it d be better if.... I bought it thinking that would help me entering ASCII codes because my inspiron it s uncorfortable with some programs in 
Toshiba Regza 26HLV66. After having bought a Sony KDL46XBR2 set for our primary TV, we wanted another smaller high quality set for the bedroom. However, my wife was unhappy about 
Amazing. I ve recorded my albums on reel-to-reel tape for over 40 years in order to preserve them. I listen to the tape, and store the vinyl. Cartridges recruited for 
Great transaction. No problems at all. Well packed and shipped promptly. Would buy from again  
Fantastic tv. This is the third Toshiba HL series tv I have bought. One for the family room and two for bedrooms. With the QAM feature you do not need 
The best printer I ve ever purchased. I use both HP and Canon printers. I used to own only Epson printers but ran into issues with them. I use an 
Great Investment. Because my left ear was damaged by Menieres disease and surgery, these in-ear by Shure are the only earphones that have worked for me. Wonderful product  
Perfect for engineering. This calculator has everything I need for my engineering classes. It is intuitive to use, for the most part, and the more complex functions storing a named 
Great video player. I really love the Archos 404. It s size is great. The screen may be smaller than the 504 and 604 604 wifi, but it is still 
Pretty useful product. You will appreciate this product only if you don t have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, 
A Top Notch Product. Everything about the Sonos worked as advertised. It was a snap to set up and it is slicker than I anticipated. The interface is commonsense and 
best review for a piece of luggage!. I have a large laptop Toshiba qosimo and had no luck locally to find a case to carry it in. The description of 
Fine Little Radio. This unit, the Coby CX-84 All-Weather Sport AM FM Arm Band Radio, is great. It runs on just 2 AAA batteries, stays clipped on my arm, and 
The color is GREAT. I like this printer, but do not like the software. The software is a pig. I have not had any problems with this machine. The scanner 
SIMPLE TECH 1GIG COMPACT FLASH. EXCELLECT PRICE AND FAST READ WRITE. WORKS GREAT IN MY CANON DIGITAL SLR  
Unreal - you must hear it to believe it!. I purchased the Polk Surroundbar with some trepidation, as it is an expensive leap of faith purchase due to the fact 
SanDisk Mini SD 512MB Flash Memory Card. I purchased this to use in my LG VX8100 mobile phone. I have used it for MP3 s and has been working fine. 
worked as advertised. Well, this is a simple USB 2.0 hub. Everything worked as advertised. I had a problem when plugging the AC unit into a socket that already has 
Great for what it is supposed to do. I ordered this after looking around for quite a while for an armband to use with my nano. This is great. It 
Great Connection. I have had this item for quite awhile now and I have not experienced any problems of the sort. Great Connection!!  
Great product for money. Great Price! Cant compare it to the more expensive monster cables but i cant imagine it being worth paying 50 dollars more for pretty much the 
awesome player. i just bought the mes30vw after trying out a friends mes60vw over the weekend. I was impressed by the overall form factor of the thing and mostly for 
Plextor PX-760A. So far so good. This drive has been an excellent performer with blazing speed. It was very easy to install and the directions were quite clear but after 
Targus Laptop Backpack. Good product. Could be better organized. The pockets need more closures or zippers  
SiRF III rocks. First, the SiRF III is incredable. I am in my garrage with garrage door close, the unit still has 10-to-11 satelites lock on it--imazing.Pros:Antenna strength.Built in map.Sensetive 
MARION S REVIEW--256MB DIGITAL MEMORY CARD. JUST WHAT I NEEDED TO ENJOY MY NEW DIGITAL CAMERA EVEN MORE. ARRIVED IN JUST A FEW DAYS. GREAT PRICE  
This was great. Bought this to make use of all the spare SD cards I have around the house. It is fantastic. It fits in to my Laptop s USB 
Wonderfully Cost Effective Solution to a Problem!. This was super easy to install - open the box, plug into PCI slot, close the box, power up and let XP do 
Reliable. I like the Kensington roller bag I purchased recently. It has become a very reliable tool for my school. I bring lots of books everyday to school and so 
It works - simple as that. I ve got one of these, and three of the 4-port switch version of this 85Mbps adapter. They have all worked without fail - 
You ll be envied for your eneloop batteries!. These batteries are a great investment & you ll be the envy of the neighborhood! Coming pre-charged, you just open the package 
Good Stuff, But Enough Oil to Last 50 Years!. My wife and I shred just about everything, but you only need a few drops each time you change the bag. 
My buying experience at Amazon.com. This was my first purchase through Amazon.com. It was a smooth easy transaction, and I got the best price possible. I had searched auctions and 
Works fine. I got one to be used every weekend for off road activities. it works fine in outdoor activities when you know a friend is close or you are 
Just the right size. It s 6 long with a 12 power cord that wraps around the length of the outside and plugs into one of the four outlets for 
Wonderful Product. These are by far the best disks for burning DVD s that I ve been able to find. With normal disks you tend to get burn errors quite 
Keeping it cool!. After getting this pad I thought that the size and simplicity could not be effective however after taking it out on the road and using this for 
Works Great. I am very happy with this purchase . I drive in a very busy city and I have no problem getting reception . Even if I tune it 
Nice Product. This product is very easy to use, but the thing I don t like is that it can be somewhat messy when you are taking out the old 
Good Gift. I got this stuff as a gift for a friend of mine. He seems to be happy using it. So I am giving this a 5 star  
Absolutely Love it. This receiver is a dream. It produces amazing sound quality with MANY options for different effects. I am a DVD collector and gamer and love high quality 
Great little device. I don t know about using the software, i just log into it and give it an IP. Make sure your printer is on the compatability list 
very good radio. Excellent reception, good sensitivity....speaker good for talk, no bass with music not surprising for a radio this small . Well made, heavy feel. Built in earbuds a 
Would order this way again. I will order all of my printer ink this way.  
Great, inexpensive gigabit card for Linux and Windows. I got this card after my on-board Gigabit adapter failed. I looked around and this was the best choice for an inexpensive 
Very Helpful in Storms. The radio is very easy to use and has excellect reception, even with the antenna folded up. While not a shortfall of the radio, and rather 
Excellent product once you know the trick!. I just got my CD-IB100II and I was bummed when I found out that I couldn t control my iPod manually and how 
Monster Cables are Very Very Good. I bought various monster cables and they work great. Most important is a monster S video cable for the cable box or satellite box 
Excellent Service. I ordered replacement inkjet cartridges for a computer printer and received excellent service from this seller. The item was very cost-competitive, and was shipped within a reasonable time, 
Don t forget the ground wire. When I first hooked up the preamp I experienced an electronic hum. Annoying at low volume. The it dawned on me my old turntable 
does what it s supposed to do. i bought this cable as a cheaper alternative to spending 20 on official a v cables for the video ipod. i was contemplating 
Best speakers I ever had. I got these speakers because I ve never had any good speakers in my room. So for 50 these things are awesome! I was amazed 
Great projector, but huge a little ugly. First, let me say, I would have given this projector 4.5 stars if the rating was available. Basically, it s a really good 
Worked well for me after downloading new firmware. I first tried these blank DVDs and they did not work for me and I was very frustrated. There was clear labeling 
You could use one of these. Even if you already own one of those mega-mp3 players, like an iPod, you could still one of these. This is a great little 
Solid Hardware, Flawed Software. I ve had the Logitech G15 for several months now and it has many features which I use regularly. The paint doesn t seem to wear 
Good CD Wallet with One Con. This is a pretty good CD Wallet. It s definitely durable and sells at a great price too. I have only found one con 
2GB FujiFilm Type H xD-Picture Card. This product was recommended to use with FujiFilm FinePix E900 digital camera. I have used the card for a few weeks now and I 
monster in wall power center. Very well designed product. Great idea with one module with nylon fibers to help run, and make cables more attractive coming through wall. Flat receptable 
Most needed laptop accessory. Upon buying my notebook computer, I immediately purchased this mouse. The touch pad on the laptop is sufficient for basic navigation, but for heavy use, especially 
Great Phone-Low Price. Phone works great with VoIP and doesn t interfere with my wireless network.I highly recomend the purchas of it  
CCIE VoIP Certified says this thing rocks!. This router hands down is a solid performer that beckons to be on radar. Configurability, performance, stability, firmware updates, D-Link has made a 
Great DVD media. I have burned over 100 of these in the past 6 months, I have only had 1 burn badly. Haven t found a dvd player yet that 
the best thing ever. I have a friend that brought a Tao to work one evening. iI then asked him about the features and the price. I went straight home 
Great product!!. This is definitely one of the best purchases Ive ever made from amazon. On my Sony Cybershot 4.1 MP, it can hold over 1300 pix and 1 and 
Good Product at this price. It is a wonderful product at this price. I dont want any paid channels and I was not finding antena cable in my new home. 
Great value. This is my second foretrex, I love it. For the price, it gives all the data that I need. It is very accurate, holds ample way points, stores 
Excellent CB Radio for the price!. I bought this radio to use it as means of communication with truck drivers on the route between San Diego CA. and Phoenix, AZ. 
DO NOT BUY THIS CARD!. If you own a Canon camera, Canon does NOT support WA Write Acceleration feature of Lexar s high-speed cards:http: www.lexar.com digfilm wa cf.htmlCurrent camera partners 
Yes, it IS compatible with the SV1!. Like B. Charles said, this kit can be used with the Sirius One SV1 receiver. I received the SV1 as a gift and 
Overall, a good MP3 player. I ve had this MP3 player for some time and am pretty happy with it. It s light, compact, and multi-functional doubling as a USB 
Very pleased. I had read the reviews of this mouse prior to buying it. It had gotten very good reviews. Ive ben playing with it for about a month now 
Love it, Love it, Love it!!. I have had nothing but good luck with this unit!! I have had it lock up on me only once, and that was while 
Great hub - just a few minor issues. PROSSmallCuteSelf-powered - comes with a power adaptor. I have 6 devices hooked up to it, including 2 USB Hard Drives, and it 
Great Speakers at a good price. We installed these in our master bedroom and bath; sound is awesome. We also painted the speakers to match the walls - the blend 
Almost perfect. We have spent this summer attempting to find a tolerable dehumidifier. Of the 5 brands we brought into our home, the Soleus CFM40 and CFM25 were the only 
Reliable Discs, Great Price. I do all my burning on a standard Windows Media player, and it s almost entirely data and music, no video. For my purposes, these CD 
lUCY S review. i thought when i bought this it was going to break down so easily because it wasnt too expensive. But since I have been using this machine 
BICs exceed expectations. For an inexpensive speaker, the BICs perform well. Certainly not comparable with the Polk RT7s they replaced; but nonetheless, solid performers. The speakers are being used to 
This is a very good basic mouse. This rating is for the mouse itself. Having owned this mouse, I decided to get one for my eldely Aunt. Since stores no 
Awesome LCD For Price. This monitor is an awesome buy. I had no problems with my monitor, dead pixel-wise.The only complaints I have to add are those that others have 
Great Buy. Very happy with these headphones. At first glance, they look tacky and cheap, but plug it in and you d be pleasantly surprised by the quality of audio 
Well-designed basic protection. I chose this model because of its compact design since I am using it on top of a table where I plug in a laptop and external 
EXCELLENT QUALITY ALL AROUND. Just an absolute gem. The price and quality of picture makes this a terrific deal. Love it!  
SanDisk 1GB Extreme III CompactFlash Card. Great for those digital cameras that require a fast card. I have a Canon EOS-30D and it goes from one frame to the next 
Nice little speaker. I assumed this would be bigger with a 5 inch woofer, but it is a pretty small speaker. Nice low range for the size, clear sound, easy 
Don t use the cassette player. I ve got two of these installed. I ran the first one through the cassette-tape adapter in my truck. I was dissatified with the 
Works!. Works very well. Do not waste your money on an expensive name brand unless you are doing an extremely long long cable run. Shipping was lightning fast on this 
Everyone should own one. I purchased this unit due to frequent blackouts in my area and 2 power supplies going bad. It will run my cable modem, router, PC, and 
TransFlash 256mb. I got this for my Samsung A920 cell phone. I love it. It holds about 45 songs and hundreds of pictures. The best thing is I can stick 
No Problems Here. I ve never had any problems with Memorex DVD s or CD s. When I was ordering and read some of the reviews here, I had to 
Easy to use - automatic shutdown. Got this as a christmas gift for my wife. It worked like a charm. She had the guitar tuned up in 5 minutes flat.It 
JVC XL-FZ258BK 5-CD Changer. My 11yr. old changer died just before Christmas. There aren t too many available. The JVC has all the features I needed. Remote, random play etc. 
Power UPS! Everything you need to know. First of all why do you want a power UPS? There are some very good reasons. 1 You never want your machine to 
Amazing!. When I decided to buy an HDTV, I spent nearly a month comparing all the different brands and formats LCD, DLP, Plasma, CRT , and finally settled sight-unseen on 
Great Deal, Great Machine. This Read Write internal unit by Sony is top notch; and the price is incredibly reasonable!!  
Mine works just fine. I have a 4300 square foot home. I have purchased Novi wireless intercoms in the past and need to add to them. One has been in 
Who knew it was so easy?. This FM modulator is the solution to my mediocre in-car XM experience. I, like all the reviews before me, had been struggling with tuning 
Great Seller!. The same brackets from the Bose store 6 for 188.00 but for way to much less and fast delivery. Thank you  
Most excellent!. We love this TV. Its picture is bright and beautiful. Shipping was very quick, and the deliverer was extremely courteous and unpacked and tested the TV before he 
fit quite nicely for my Dell Inspiron laptop. I ve a Dell Inspiron 8200, with 15 LCD. The laptop fits quite nicely in the main space. However, don t expect 
Choosing the Apple Cinema 23 HD Above All Else. I ve been looking for a new WUXGA monitor for the last month, and I ve conducted a lot of research. 
A really cool device, with some limitations. First of all, here are my computer specs:Pentium 4 2.8 GHz 800 FSB1 GB DDR2 RAM2 SATA 7200 RPM hard drives: 80 GB 
Audiovox Review. I am pleased with the product as expected it was recommended by a friend , but most impressed with the whole Amazon process. I had to return the 
I have tried a dozen holders; this is the best one.... I have tried a dozen holders; this is the best available.Others tip over easily, or they hold only books 
Best for standard def TV. If you have a standard definition TV, that is not capable of anamorphic squeeze, this player is your best bet. For some reason, the basic 
Slow access. Althought it indicates 7500 RPM and 400 MBs transfer via USB 2.0 or FireWire, it seems not to have the best performance access. I think it s great 
amazing!!!. Worked great. Great reception, perfect size, user interface etc....just instead of quickest route, use closest route in cities otherwise it may take you for a loop .  
It really works - Perfect for FiosTV. Ok, my network was perfect and then FiosTV came along. The mandatory Actiontec Router, would not play well with my Linksys range booster. 
Really cools a room! Surprisingly good!. Our air conditioning just hasn t been doing the job this summer. I had a tower fan running in my living room on top 
This is a great drive. I used this drive to replace the replace the CD-ROM in my PC and now have two DVD burners in my machine - both Sony. 
excellent disk. If a disk works and gives me a clear picture and clear sound, it is all that I ask for. For the size of the disk compared to 
Very Nice for the Price. Purchased new from reseller for less than 50. Picture and text printing are outstanding. Easy to set up. LCD screen is clear and informative. Footprint 
Love this TV!!! No clouds!!. I bought the Sony Bravia 46XBR2 several weeks ago and have been absolutely delighted with the TV. I placed my order with Amazon on Saturday 
Best in price range. As a musician and general audiophile, I have a large collection, and an obsession with headphones of all shapes and sizes. These JVC s are obviously 
Excellant. This product is working fine. i dont have any problem so far and also my internet connection is excellant with dlink modem and i am also using a dlink 
Excellent buy. This buy was an excellent choice. It does all the basic functions, plus helpful smarty-pants extras too. And can you believe the price? And no batteries! No problem! 
Cheap upgrade for Magellan Merdian GPS receivers. I bought one of these for my Magellan Meridian GPS green brown . It works flawlessly and is MUCH cheaper than the Magellan 
great cable and price. Parts express shipped items quick and the optical cable works great. Better sound than RCA cables  
Sony Memory Stick. I have no complaints about Amazon on this item, but I do with Sony, because their Memory Stick is not regular sized. It does not fit into 
good notebook accesorie. The mouse works very well and it s specially well designed, i mean, the grip and contour are comffortable than others notebook mice. Very good option, but 
Wonderful. Item arrived promptly and during Christmas rush, I actually ordered late and didn t think I would get it until after Christmas. It was all that I expected my 
Great Cabinet, but be warned... If you ve seen this piece at the local stores you ve probably heard that they come assembled. Well, the Amazon version requires assembly. While 
good. good quality, only issue was delivery through UPS couldnt be delivered to my apt so quite a hassle and delay receiving  
Battery Wouldn t Charge. The battery wouldn t charge at first and we sent the intial one back for replacement. The new one wouldn t charge either. This seems to 
good phone. i think this is a pretty basic business type phone. i wanted the built in digital answering component and it performs perfectly. the hold music is awful though. 
Great Keyboard. I was sick and tired of using a wireless keyboard that cuts out in the middle of gaming or typing so I purchased this thing... best keyboard I 
In its day...it was on top. I have had my Handspring Visor Deluxe for 5...yes, FIVE years actually longer . While I take decent care of it, it has taken 
I can never go back to paper trails or maps again. This is truly a life saver! I was stuck in traffic, HOURS of traffic, and got off any ol 
Simple, Easy, Cheap. This little remote is a quality piece for watching TV on the PC. Since my computer is in the same room as my futon, it makes movie-time 
Cool add on. THE GOOD...The camera does what it says. It will change your Archos X04 into a camcorder. You won t need to buy a hard drive camcorder.It s 
Gamerman. I was looking for a bargain-priced LCD and found this one. Just 6 months ago, you woud find this model at nearly twice the price! The move to 1080p 
Targus mouse. Theis is a small manuverable mouse. I especially like it for playing games since it is very quick. I had one before and I would buy another if 
Shredder. The shredder is heavy duty and does what and more than I expected. The best of the three I have owned  
Great Overclocker. I received a week 28B chip when I ordered last Nov. It s running 100 stable at 3.6GHz 50 overclock with a Tuniq tower 120 and an Abit 
Not bad for the price. I purchased this for my first generation iPod shuffle and my 2007 HHR. The sound is great. Works perfectly. I probably won t use it 
Nice product, does the job nicely . . . definitely recommend this memory card, download time is great . .  
Semi pro photographer. I purchased the HP 8450 about a year and a half ago. I see complaints in other reviews about the speed and the cost of ink, but 
Easy to install. I plugged it into my daughters 5 year old dell desktop, and now she can download photos and videos at lightening speed. This was an extra value 
Sound good. I like it. It s good, yes it works, what can I say more.  
Good quality headphones. I bought these headphones for listening at work. The ear muffs are a little small but the whole headphone is very light and comfortable. I wear glasses 
very nice recorder for the money. Sure you could do better but not at this price point. I got it a Jr s for 104 but they re sold out 
Cheap looking, but functional. For the price---I know no one should be expecting a high quality piece of furniture...if you are...you should go for wood. My husband uses it because 
JVC HAF91 Earbud. Very good product, nice case to move around with. I would have given a 5 star rating but the volume slide control only lowers the volume and 
It s a good little unit. I have two seperate units. One hardwired to my car, and the other is the JVC unit. I hooked it directly into the audio 
A great all weather music system. I have had this system for about 5 months and am very happy with it. So far, through severe heat,cold and dampness it s 
Can hardly hear the girlfriend yapping. I wear a pair every night. Living in the city can be noisy. Fortunately, I can put on a pair of Hearos, fall into 
Excellent sound quality and comfort. I wanted to upgrade from the crummy and painful earbuds that came with the iPod Nano and settled on these after reading the reviews. I 
Very happy football fan !!!. My new TV finally arrived and I am very pleased with it. I picked this one based primarily on all of the reviews I could 
Targus wireless presenter. Works great, nice price, easy to install and use. Highly recommended  
Great for freeing up space!. I finally got rid of all my jewel cases and decided I needed room, living in a tiny little apartment. I had over 200 CDs 
Good sound, good value. Very nice sound, and the one battery is nice too. I purchased this to replace some cheap players that kept breaking down, and I am quite 
Works great. I purchased this printer to use on the road and so far it works great  
Sandisk 4GB. It realy works well. I use it with a Canon D1 and didn t slowed down when writing the pics in teh card. A great value.  
SanDisk 1 GB SD Memory Card. It s a memory card and it works! I have never had a problem with any memory card I have owned including this one. 
IF you want the best this is it. Works as advertised, up and running in less than 30 min in two rooms. Love the internet radio feture and am still 
GREAT Product. Fabulous product --- now I can store over 700 photos in the 8 mega pixel range. Happy I purchased this one -- very trouble free  
Western Digital. Perfect hard drive for my Dell. Western Digital-I think is number one. They sure make good equipment  
Very easy to use. It was a little complicated to install but I m not very technical but it is very easy to use - I have been happy with 
V-Moda Is a Fine Earphone for A Good Price. Not an audiophile but did enough research to settle on the V-Modas. Was a little hesitant because of all the talk 
Good quality - good price. These are the basic clear cd and or dvd SLIM JEWEL CASES that you are looking for. They are not as easily breakable as other 
Spend 20 and save 250. I have a Linux computer and an XP Pro Computer that I often need to use at the same time. This little gem of a 
Amazon review. Now that I have the mp3 player, I am satisfied with it, but I am not satisfied with Amazon; the reason being that the unit I bought from 
Great little item, simply great. Some people seem to have had issues but I loved mine. I live in the Boston area and the iTrip always worked fine in the 
Essential editing tool!. The NuLOOQ is an inexpensive and really fun way to fly through images in Photoshop when cloning out specks or needing to move throughout an image with 
4.1 GHz for Less thane 200 - Probably the fastest chip on the market. This is the Pentium D 805 which was recently discovered to have some unusual properties that 
Not perfect, but close. I agree with the majority of the reviewers here that the value of this unit versus Bose is superior, as is the sound. I test drove 
Good Product. Got the cables the other day and they work great. The only problem I can say is that the TV picture is not the greatest because you re 
Very sensative. I bought this microphone to go with one of Sony s MiniDisc recorders. It is VERY sensative. This can, of course, be a good thing - or bad.Plugging 
oldorchardchurch.org loves it so far. So far this has been a good buy. I am Mark Tucker, the assistant pastor at Old Orchard Church in St. Louis, MO. This DP 
Great improvements to a classic financial calculator. After returning my 17Bii because of keys not registering, I decided to make the 12C my main financial calculator and learn it inside 
This laser mouse is superb. I wanted a corded mouse because I have enough wireless devices in my house that I don t want to interfere with. And I don 
Very Good. It s a great buy. The only problem that I have is the DNle won t stay on and no one can seem to tell me how to 
Monster Solution. I am the envy of my road warrior coworkers. This power strip is great due to the little room it takes in the carry on and the luxury 
5 Stars but a couple of caveats. Now that I have finally got this on my Palm and working, I love it. It s a thin piece of plastic, and 
Great as a client for a PVR. This is a great little unit as a client for a PVR such as BeyondTV or Sage - I use SageTV in my 
Maxtor One Touch Mini. Great product! Sets up QUICKLY, backs up everything you want very quickly. And just keeps working while you work. Can t go wrong  
Coloring Your Printers. I arguably can tell if a cartridge for your printer can be a great purchase. From Lexmark, the leaders in quality inkjet printers and cartridges, they have 
Sony CFD-ZW755 boombox. The boombox works great, the price was right and the shipping was free,what more can you ask for?  
Not quite as good as the last Logitech mouse. I ve had my old Logitech mouse for more years than I can remember. In the past few weeks the wheel 
Simple and easy to use. This wireless antenna works very well and it was simple to install. I simply unscrewed the antenna on my wireless nic card and screwed the 
Great Cables Great Price. If you want a great cable at a great price this is the way to go. They come in many different lengths, look cool, seem to 
Boss CD Receiver. A decent sounding and very classy looking cd player. It has given me no trouble, it sounds nice and is a great deal for the price. It 
Excellent. This usb hub is EXCELLENT!! its small and compact, it actually communicates at usb 2.0 speeds, and the best part is that it doesn t need a separate power 
Nice!. I needed a quick connection to my Toshiba laptop when I did not want to use the built in WiFI, so I purchased the Belkin F5D5050 USB to Ethernet 
wow and more wow. I connected the Bose Acoustimass 5 with an onkyo tx-8511 receiver and the sound is incrediable. It really fills my entire loft area with lifelike sound. 
For 50, it is reasonable. The main drawback of this is its main asset: It is tiny. It fits nicely under my 17 iMac, and allows me to play with 
Wireless Camera. Camera works nice. The only complaint I have is we had to e-mail several times to get the camera working wireless and remote computer access. The customer service 
Good low. Excellent sound good price it is that to be able to produce to operate on i  
Item works great. I have been usung these dvd rw disc for about two months now and I have not had a problem with them yet  
Good buy. I shopped around for one of these to run my laptop computer in the car and most of the ones I saw were twice the price for half 
Decent Product, Decent Price. I ve had these earphones for about two month and I ve discovered the following. I like the look and they seem to be well made. 
Excellent for Surround channel. These speakers are really intended for use as surround speakers. I recently upgraded my 5.1 receiver to an Onkyo 7.1 with 100 watts per channel. I 
Fast, plug and play, quiet , and cool. Lacie makes good stuff. Their d2 line of drives is excellent looking with a hard metal look that though understated is elegant 
great condition. contrary to popular belief these cases all arrived in a perfect uncracked condition. even when i opened all of the backs these cases did not crack. they do 
Solid speakers - great alternative to real surround setup. For what it is designed, the speakers are top notch.Pros:The pros are fairly obvious: space saving, great look, no cumbersome wiring, 
Very very impressed. When my wife and I finally decided to take the plunge for an HD television, we knew we were in for trouble since our current television was 
Works Great Installs Easy. I ve had this on my wish list for a long time. I finally ordered it and I just received it today. The print server has 
Very good buy. This xD memory card works perfectly with my camera Fujifilm Finepix F650. Good buy for the price  
Good DVD Storage for the price. I wasn t expecting much since the product was made out of laminated pressboard, but once assembled, the dvd storage spinner looked rather nice. 
Powerful Speaker for a Small Price. When shopping for a laptop speaker my one requirement was that it be usb powered. There were very few products on the market that 
Excellent product. I am really pleased with this product. Use it to control FrontRow on my Mac Mini and it works just as promised  
Exceptional. It s very pleasing to buy a product that actually works as well as expected. Works well in both my vehicles. I have been thinking about adding a new 
Brother MFC-7420 Printer. This was my first purchase of a laser printer. I was concerned about a multi-function product but the Brother MFC-7420 is very easy to use, switches modes 
Better than expected. At first I was unsure of the lables, but now that I have used some of them I have come to realize that they are amazingly useful 
Awesome sound & comfort, great value. I could not use the ear buds that came with my ipod nano, too hard. Tried several other types of ear buds before finding 
Works on OS X, and better than my integrated card on MacBook Pro!. When I moved my office to the basement, my WiFi wouldn t quite reach where I wanted 
Another winner fron Cowon. I just received a new mp3 player!! It s a Cowon iaudio T2 flash player with 2gb OK, it s really something under 2gb . It 
Reliable Discs, Great Price. I do all my burning on a standard Windows Media player, and it s almost entirely data and music, no video. For my purposes, these CD 
Excellence!. This markers from Sharpie are excellent! Cool colors! Great on any type of paper. Recommend it 110  
alternative. I bought this because our local department store only sells the titanium version at an uprated charge. This doesn t have the extra features like a calendar or clock 
I like this projector. Pros:Great color. Brightness great. Noise unobtrusive. Takes whatever input I have to feed it.Cons:Could have included better cable selection. Have to buy component cable set for 
A great improvement over FM Transmitters. I have my Logitech Wireless Music System set up where I plugged the iPod part into my computer s Audio Out place, and the 
Excelent Mouse. It s a great mouse, very fast, precise and anatomic a good size . Have a good battery life. I use this mouse with Windows Vista Ultimate and 
nice but noisy. Costco here too. 180 was a great price, but the hissing has become annoying. It does sound like a larger capacitor....its constant...constant. i hear it walking through 
Buffer Marks. I use the pink circles to buff the cd dvd, and it leaves the circular marks all over the cd, as I thought it would. Well, I thought 
Awesome tool for anyone. I bought the Garmin Forerunner to help with my training for police testings. To my surprise, this gadget has really helped in my endeavors. The greatest 
Wonderful!. My tv arrived without any scratches or issues. Being technologically illiterate I was a little intimidated by the instructions but it ended up being super easy to set up. 
Great TV for the price. I purchased this TV for my 5 year old son s room, and it serves its purpose well. He spends time on weekends and after 
ZERO ERRORS, a perfect product. I think those who are complaining have broken drives or computers. I have been using these for about a year with zero defects  
Great Phone. I just received this phone and I am amazed with the quality. I previously owned the Siemens Gigaset 4215 for 5 years and I never had a problem. 
Very solid. Pros: 1 Simple and inexpensive, but provides solid scratch protection; 2 Good armband and lanyard. Cons: 1 Plastic screen cover is good, but not beautiful you have to 
Great headphones, great price. I bought these just to use for back-ups. However, when I listened to these, they became my favorite pair I have.1. The sound quality is amazing, 
Awesome Product!. These discs are just super to work with. The software I have has some interesting options to make very snappy looking labelling for presentations or for sales. I 
great for standard dvd also. The up-conversion of standard def dvd is worth the price. Have owned for 2 weeks and had NO PROBLEMS. HD DVD look great.5 stars is 
This thing is so great I had to write a review!. This device works exactly as advertised. The keyboard, while not quite as nice as my regular PC keyboard, is 
The discs are the best DVD-RAMs. They work great in Panasonic DVD recorders and on PCs. The only thing I do not like is the slim case. Really annoying. Too 
Excellent Entry Level Laser Printer. If you need a home light duty printer that provides professional laser printed documents perhaps say for a small home business or a private laser 
Great cable at a great price. Monster is the best cable ever  
Great features, easy to setup. I originally bought my daughter an iLive IBCD3816DT boombox for her birthday. The hiss was unbearable, so I took it back and purchased this product. 
Sonos ZP100 Review. This is a great product. Easy to set up and sounds great. The free Rhapsody trial is a great bonus too. Save up your pennies and get 
Price is OK. I don t know what those other reviewers are talking about when they write that the price is outrageous, but if you are looking for a solution 
My auction sales hit the roof after I started using this!. I absolutely love this product. I d give it 10 stars if I could. I do tons of auction 
An excellent low-cost GPS solution. After spending a couple months wrestling with, and researching, Global Positioning System devices, I finally settled on the Tom Tom One just before a trip 
Works like a charm with Comcast. The whole installation:1 Comcast cable guy install cable jack 5 mins 2 install d-link modem 2 mins mostly unpacking from the box3 Comcast cable 
Monster does it again! A . I just bought a new computer and I new if I ever needed a new surge protector, monster would have what I need. This 
Audio-Technica AT-PL120 turntable ideal rescuing your vinyl sounds. This unit was purchased for use in a language media center. My staff member who was first to assemble and use the 
GE 75325 Spacemaker AM FM Radio CD Player. Works great out of the box. Some reviews mentioned problems with the CD but mine worked fine but took some time to 
Monster Ultra tm Series THX 800 HDMI Video Cable. The Monster Ultra tm Series THX 800 HDMI Video & Audio Cable does what you expect it would do.It produced a 
Highly reccomended!. I ve had this mouse pad for about a year now and I love it! I log a ~lot~ of hours on my computer playing games like BF2142, 
Fun Toy at a great price. This thing is super bright and my dog loves chasing it! Even better for me, the AAA batteries it takes are a little easier 
Hoping for the best. I am very leery about these flat screen monitors. However, I am enjoying the Sony very much. I bought a Pixo, and it blew out in 
Quick use and still working fine!. I bought this several months ago for back ups. It runs in a semi-closed cabinet 80 hours a week and has worked great.  
Just what I ordered. Have had the product 2 weeks, works perfect, exactly what was expected. Came quick and no problems to date  
Ideal for the road warrior. In my never-ending search for smaller and lighter travelling accessories, I have tried many power strips. This is absolutely perfect for my purposes!I have not 
Best daily-use inkjet paper out there. I ve been using this paper for years and I m consistently impressed by its quality. If you re using plain old photocopier-grade bond 
No problems yet. Working on my second 20pk and haven t had a bad burn yet.Picture quality is good.They burn at 4X on my computer.  
HP All in one Printer Fax Scanner Copier. Everything about this product is great except that we ve had a lot of trouble with receiving faxes. I ve made all 
Best pda you can ever own!. Best pda you can have if you want the basics. It only has 1mb of memory if your thinking that 1mb on a handheld 
Does what it s supposed to do. It s a fair quality MIDI to USB adaptor but if you are looking for a pro quality one, this is probably not 
Great Item but high price. The item is OK but you can buy it cheaper in others stores  
small size, big performance. As they say, a little bit of knowledge goes a long way... If you live in or near a big city, this scanner will do absolutely 
Worked great for me!. I had a DVD that was scratched during shipping. One repair kit did nothing to help it. I considered using the Skip Dr., but I never 
Pretty good choice for ear buds. I like the idea of ear buds because they are light and small, and so great to travel with. For whatever reason, most ear 
Great little partner. I ve had several of these Sony Walkman cassette players. I usually wear them out or drop and break them while running for the bus home. I 
Kensington Flylight 2. Nice notebook light that has a long enough bendable cable to reach most normal and widescreen keyboards from the side or over the screen from the rear. 
Does its job. I use this cord to connect my laptop s audio to my TV so I can hear movies through my TV s speakers. The cord works without 
Awesome shredder. After doing some research and owning a cheaper shredder model, I decided to purchase this shredder. So far it was a wise decision. I have seen it elsewhere 
Great Little Mouse. I love this mouse. It s sleek and small but not too small , very ergonomic, and inexpensive. But my favorite quality of this mouse is its 
Exactly what it says it is. Which turned out to be a problem for me since thats not what I wanted I was looking for a compact flash card reader 
Maggie 2200T is a quality purchase. I just bought the Magellan 2200T prior to a road trip from New England to Tennessee. Although there was an error or two, for 
Sony head phones. This product is without a doubt; the finest I ve ever had, and purchasing from Amazon was a pleasure  
Bright, Clear, and sharp picture worth every cent it cost. I ve had this TV about 6 months and I m running this with regular ol Direct TV, not the 
Great Product. Runs cool, quiet and stable. Faster than most people need. Supports the new DirectX 10. Great Value.I took one star away because of my experience with EVGA and 
Love this!. I have an HP laptop that runs a bit hot. This product is great for keeping things cool. I highly recommend it  
Fast and useful without the need for a reader!. I own a Canon S2IS and an S3IS. The burst modes and video capture in my cameras can quickly fill a 
Worked better with a new subwoofer. I collected a hodgepodge of speakers to set up a home theatre in my den 21 x 17 . I collected 3 of the 
Great product and comparably cheap. I ordered this calculator and it works amazingly well. It takes some getting used to, but it beats my old Ti-83 . This is very 
Great tool for training. This is a great tool for training. I have used it both on and off road and it has worked great every time. I have not 
Dad s birthday gift. The product was ordered by our 14 yr. old son for my husband s birthday, and it actually arrived on his birthday. We have since downloaded 
Highly recommend. This is one fantastic, fast flash card... works great in both my canon 10d and my canon 30d camera... as far as i am concerned this is the 
buy from mfg for 99. buy from Mfg for 99.00 and do not pay Amazon s list plus pricing  
Easy to do. The mount was very easy to install, it had every screw included in the kit that you might need. After installing the Bracket to the Wall, I 
Great Price!. These were double the price on another site! My little girl LOVES these speakers! She is using them with her pc.my ONLY complaint and it s my complaint 
My First GPS!!!. All I ve got to say is that if all GPS receivers worked as well as this one does, then I would have jumped on the GPS 
best solution for cars with 3.5mm audio-in e.g. newer BMWs . From the iPod dock connector directly to the 3.5mm headphone mini jack audio in under the armrest of new 
These speakers are amazing. I first saw these speakers at the Apple store, and i really liked the sound and the look. I went on amazon and found a better 
Awesome HDTV. This is an awesome HDTV. It has a very clear and defined picture that out does any other HDTV in its class. The price is very reasoable for 
IO Micro-SD Reader Writer. This is one of the best things I have bought in a long time! Inexpensive, works perfectly and elminates the need to sync my phone using 
Great budget screen, lack of tensioners a drawback. I couldn t believe that this screen was so inexpensive. I figured that if it was bad enough, I could just throw 
This IS NOT a bargain price. The cartridge is just fine, I use it for printing cards and like the quality of my prints, but Amazon is acting like they 
A Very Capable KVM. Solid construction and function. This KVM switches between two computers with just a minor lag. I prefer manual switching to having a key-combo hot switch, so 
A true review of this awesome card!. I didn t even purchase this card from Amazon, but I have to say that it is amazing when coupled with a core 
speakers. This transaction went just as you would hope, smooth and easy and I enjoy the quality sound, all went well.  
Wacom Intuos3 9 X 12 USB Tablet - Metallic Gray. The tablet has been very helpful in my digital drawing classes and in my interior design business for quick sketching. 
Works perfect with my nikon camera. I was looking around for a new card for my wife and this one fit the bill. It works and I don t see 
Provides some storage. Brenthaven claims only that the storage sleeve holds papers, but I put my power supply, a headset, and an Airport Express in there and it works OK. 
Good product, horrible handling in shipping. The product works well for my space and needs. One note to Amaazon. When you ship a 400 item, thats semi fragile, and the 
This Sony Walkman is Affordable and Good Quality!. I was looking for a Sony AM FM Cassette Walkman that was inexpensive and good quality. I purchased this model and I 
Exactly what I wanted quickly. I ordered this product and it arrived 2 days later. It is genuine Canon ink for a great price. I will definitely buy at amazon.com 
If you have either TV, buy it. I bought this direct from Sony a bit over a month ago because Amazon didn t have it then. I paid 100 more 
Great price, great cable. If you have ever shelled out hundreds of dollars for Monster cables, I guarantee you that you have flush some green down the toilet. Because for 
Amazing quality. Before I had this, I had a generic cassette adapter. The sound was horrible and it made a terrible, tinny echo. I bought it for my Ford Taurus 
Excels in every way. I nearly bought a Logitech gamepad but saw the glowing reviews of this device. I just got started back into the action and racing genres It 
A solid buy. I ve used Verbatum products for a while now and have never had a problem. These disks are no different. Solid for storing Data or DVD Playback 
Original is the Best. Use original Epson Brand ink, the heads in the epson printers it s in the printer itself not in the ink cartridge, it dosent worth saving 
Works great!. I m a trackball fan, have been since I bought my first non-optical Kensington mouse more than ten years ago. This one is pretty much the same as 
Pricey, but still a great product. It fits a little snug, but it does a great job protecting the IM7. It also has a small zippered compartment at one end 
Performance of DVP642-----DVD PLAYER. THIS LITTLE PLAYER PERFORMS EXCELLENTLY-----THE REMOTE TAKES A LOT OFGETTING THE FEEL OF IT, IF YOU ARE IN THE DARK.USE THE FORMALA AND IT TURNS INTO 
Great Shredder. Fashionable appearance. Safe and easy to use.Powerful enough not to easily jam. Easy to empty and it makes confetti. Confetti is strips cut into small pieces for greater 
works great, but...... This handheld CB works great on all channels, but only for short range. The external antenna helps a lot when traveling by car. All in all a 
Excellent MoBo. This MoBo is very good, if you are not looking for a Sli or Crossfire this is a very good option, it support a decent overclocking and the 
Awesome product and price. 2GB SanDisk is awesome. I can store lots of files in my PDA and not worry about space. Also the price was very afordable  
One of the Best. I ve worked my way through many iPod cases And you really should get one. They work. Simply put, this is one of the best. First, 
Delphi SA1001 XM Skyfi Boombox. I bought this boombox for my husbands as aChristmas gift. I looked all over for this particular model and was happy to find it here 
VERY EASY TO SETUP !!!!!. I love the fact that it is the eaziest to set, dual alarm clock to date. all you do is hit one button amd turn 
Simple is good. I am not a computer whiz. I have purchased other products that claim to be simple to use and have spent hours trying to get them to 
More than I expected. I ordered this hoping for a protective yet sleek and fashionable bag. I bought the Miami messenger bag and have been very pleased with it. When 
BEST LITTLE POCKET RADIO EVER. I have had several of these types of radios including Sangean and Radio shack. This is by far the best one ever.I bought it for 
Exactly what I wanted quickly. I ordered this product and it arrived 2 days later. It is genuine Canon ink for a great price. I will definitely buy at amazon.com 
Worked Great. I was having issues with my laptop shutting down due to overheating, so i bought this product as a quick fix. Its worked wonderfully, It keeps my laptop 
great deal. For the price, this reciever cant be beat. It has provided me with all the sound that i could possibly want. It sounds great and works great! Great 
Its OK Not great. Part of my review is based on the fact that parts were missing when I opened the box, the Manual antenna, video cable and who knows 
An excellent starting point for color calibration. I bought this when I started printing my own photos at home, but it s useful whether you send your photos out to 
It is indeed spill-resistant!. This is my 4th keyboard in the past year and a half; between myself and my daughter we ve spilled everything from coffee to apple juice 
Great Product Too Expensive. I bought one of these for myself and a friend. We both loved them, the look, the feel, the size, the ease to setup none of 
APC. I have about 25 APC at my job where I am currently work for school. When the thurderstorm hits my school many time. It won t kill all of 
Excellent price, excellent product. It is so difficult to find plain old Airport cards these days! I was so happy to find this one at a good price. I am 
A Very Good Value. I bought this mouse for my fiancee about three months ago and she has not complained once. She uses it extensively in her office and reports 
Worth Every Penny - Great Sound. These are great headphones.I am very picky about sound but do not want to pay high prices.Therefore there has to be a compromise, but 
I love this... , can t do without it. I bought this mouse about 14 months back!!! And it s been working great!Pros:===========1. Nice design2. good looks3. ergonomic4. I use 
Very nice source of backup power at a good price. Electricity in my apartment would randomly go out for a couple of seconds every few weeks, usually at night, but 
GREAT CASE. I love this case. All the buttons and connections are open and protects well  
Very Nice for the Money!. You will be using it 1 minute after opening the box. Very intuitive. Very quick to lock on, great battery life, most POI I need 
 What a great piece of furniture! . My husband and I bought this for our new home and we re both thrilled! He loves that it holds our new 
It s an All-in-One. The product is pretty good. You can fit over 100 Compact Discs into one place. It s basically like an having an all-in-one where you can 
Scanner Worth The Money. This scanner works great and is very fast and has great quality of picture output. I have a Epson scanner that I bought 2 years ago 
Great little player. This player when into our exercise room. It works really well, although it will not read cheap CDs or cheap flash drives. Any real CDs not burned 
CD-R Media. This product has not had any flaws from day 1! Quality is great  
universal car charger. Perfect little car charger even though I am not using the adapters I m sure they would come in handy for others or for me in the 
GREAT MOUNT FULLY ADJUSTABLE:. GREAT MOUNT EASY TO PUT UP,COMPLETE WITH HARDWARE. THIS MOUNT IS FULLY ADJUSTABLE  
big and beautiful laptop accesory. I got this monitor along with a keyboard. When I get home I plug my laptop into both and I have a huge screen to 
samsung 5053. i ve had this unit for about 1 month..so there is no buzzing or burn-in issues. i very impressed with the black levels although on some dark scenes 
Plays Everything!. This thing plays everything. It plays various formats MP3, WMA, WAV, just to name a few. Comes with a car kit so you can play it through your 
Good enough for me. I bought the docking station because I had an old laser printer HP 2100tn laser jet that I could not get to work over my network. 
Fabulous. Wonderful. Holds all my songs, holds my books on tape so I can listen on the road. Photos are large and sharp. Very easy to use and easy to 
Good Vendor. Screen arrived ahead of time and was well packed. I have no complaints  
Just what you need!. Compact, portable and works with all the popular media cards: cf I II, sm mmc, sd xd and mms mmsp. I have one at home and 
Solid Mouse. I ve had thise mouse for over a year and it still works perfectly. I ve used it without problems on both my PC and my Mac. The 
spindle of 100 discs. great deal, convenient and easy storage. They are blank to be used for recording information , music or for downloading  
Inexpensive and great!!!!. I reviewed many mounts for my 42 inch plasma and found that you can spend as much as 500-800 at best buy and circuit city for the 
Great Item. The Weather scanner was received in short order and in perfect condition. It works perfectly and brings us peace of mind  
great for pictures at home. beautiful for pictures and posters from home printer.great matte paper for single or double sided use  
Excellent receiver, affordable price. My setup: Receiver: Onkyo TX-SR674. 5.1 Speaker setup - Polk Audio: Monitor 70 fronts Monitor 40 Surrounds CS2 Center PSW12 Subwoofer.I am thrilled with my new 
Quality Monitor Stand. The stand is very sturdy and comes with everything to mount a LCD flat panel monitor. The instructions were good and the stand is really solid. I 
MX 518 unleashed. It s cool to own one.. ; .. i m a die hard gamer.. though i ve not had time to serioulsy exploit its high resolution.. just 
Plextor PX-755UF Shines. I reserved the 5th star rating for this unit as I haven t authored or copied very many DVDs with it yet. However, what I have accomplished 
Works well. Bought this card along with a Rebel XT as a gift for my girlfriend. It s been performing without a hitch so far, though on burst mode, there 
Fast Monocrome Laserjet. Last week was HP week at Office Depot and I decided to buy the HP LaserJet P2015DN for [...]. Things I particularly like:--250 sheet input tray under 
An effortless USB hub. No matter how many USB port I had, I always seemed to need more. I had ports on my computer, more on my monitor, even two 
Innovative; beats the Eclipse. I was real excited when Saitek came out with the black Eclipse. It matches my blue copperhead pretty well, but the Tarantula is perfect. and it 
Great Starter Guitar!. I picked up this guiatar because I was interested in playing electric as well as acoustic.First of all the guitar has a nice weight and comes with 
Great PDA not so good camera. Great pda it has a lot of space and a little faster the the zire31. the zire72 compared zire31 this is a very good 
Great for the RV. We were looking for a small light weight TV-DVD combination for our RV. The Axion performs well playing even MPEG 3 and DVD, CDR, and has 
noebook helper. My wife wanted me to have a notebook as my primary computer for the first time. Being a landlocked previous computer user I wanted a safety valve so 
Absolutely Wonderful. This truly was so easy to set up including programming all the wonderful features. The sound is fabulous and the unit is so compact and looks very nice. 
Smart Design and very versatile. I really like the design. Its very adaptable and can be attached to almost anything, such as a stroller, belt loop, bike or hung with 
Perfect for Recording and Editing Work. I bought a pair of these M-Audio Studiophile DX4 speakers a week ago to pair with M-Audio s M-Audio FireWire Audiophile Digital Audio Interface 
Its a power cord, what am I supposed to say...?. If you re using your GPS in the car and want to save on batteries I recommend it. My car 
Nice quality, solid build, excellent sound. Wow, I m surprised by the reviews made here about this product. Despite the bad reviews, I bought it anyway. I still believe in 
Cool! Nikon CoolScan V ED FilmScanner. I have started to convert 30 years of negative and slide photos into digital fromat. I have just finished converting a bunch of negatives. 
Good value for money. I purchased one quite some time back and used it with my 2005 Camry as sunvisor for backup camera Pyle 1 3 CMOS camera... which is 
A worthy replacement for my dearly departed Sansui. The TX-8522 was purchased to replace my beloved Sansui AU-9500 which met an untimely end. I have the Onkyo connected to an 
IOGEAR Universal Memory Drive Hi-Speed USB 2.0 Memory Card Reader Writer. Esaki si ta campion, un tremendo idea di e sistema pa por load up un potret digital ariba bo 
Destroys Ipod and Sony ear buds. At around 35. these UltraEars are a amazing deal. They have great base, mids, and highs. The seperation is good too. If you tweek 
good mp3 player, bad battery life. It s conviently small, but not too small to lose in a purse backpack etc, but it has HORRIBLE battery life. I m in 
Best Value. I have been using these cards for over a year sometimes 5k images a month with no failures. Shooting in Canon 20d and XTI. No problems with speednever 
Braun 360 complete. Very good shaver, smooth, easy to operate. The self cleaning feature is amazingly effective. Numerous problems with the point of purchase & numerous incomplete shipments, but the 
Great Hub. This hub takes care of old power issues I had with smaller unpowered hubs . It is handling my pda, usb jump drive, high capacity external drive, and 
Ideal for linguistic field work!. I am a graduate student in linguistics working with an indigenous language in Oaxaca. I brought this speaker set to Mexico with me this year 
Great product!. I had a chance to compare rechargeable batteries from several different manufacturers including Energizer and Sony. These are by far the best product ever. Highly recommend it  
Excellent. I bought my son the Creative Zen Micro Photo and he LOVES it, he got it as a graduation gift. I bought this one in pink for myself, get 
It works. How can it not work?If I m away from a charging source for more than 2 days, this pack goes and the rechargeable pack doesn t. Weight adds 
Printable. I have gone through 150 of this type disc and have noproblems.At this point I am down to my last 15 and need to purhasemore through Amazon.comThank you,Dan  
great for its purpose. If you have boxes of video8, Hi8 and or DV tapes that span the years, this is a great way to back them up to a 
Almost perfect. These earphones are great quality. The sound is good and they fit comfortably in the ear once you get used to them. Two minuses make them only 4 
BEST printer EVER!. I have owned MANY different printers, and I have to say this is the best one i have ever owned. Why did it take me so long 
Not the Right Item. The Sandisk 512 MB Secure Digitial Ultra II SDSDH-512-901 sent to me was not the item I ordered. I returned the item, unopened  
Great entry to theater. I use theses with the 150 s, 550h towers, sa-wm500 sub. I can crank these after some breaking in and no shrill honk or distortion. Crystal 
great mouse for mac users. I have used kensington mice for many years with my macs. My previous mouse, an optical one by Kensington died. I read reviews and purchased 
So many pockets, Loads of Space, Wide Straps Too Wide . This bag has an excellent array of pockets with loads of space. Highly robust construction along with well designed 
Best one out there for opera singers. As a opera singer looking to record my lessons in a small studio, I have been very pleased with this recorder. While my 
At last a good connection for my iPod in my car. I tried two different devices before this one, and they simply did not work satisfactorily in a big city 
HDTV. This product is really nice, however it takes some getting use to looking at a screen that is longated that normal. Great picture fits really nice in our RV. 
Two Thumbs Up for printer and Amazon. I had this sent free shipping. As usual Amazon sent me an email saying it would be 2 weeks and it showed up 
Great card reader for the price. This is a great card reader for the price. Why pay more if this one reads the all cards that you have? Personally, I 
Good product. Good product- easy to assemble- even though my husbandhad to move the ends to sit on the studs in our wall-buthe was able to adjust and it is 
Good choice for all high school math. This one has seen my daughter through high school algebra and trig. No surprises. It does what it says and the download capability 
Perfect Tilt. When I was searching for just that, a nice tilt for my laptop, I came across a lot of contraptions. This does the job neatly and adds an 
This thing rocks!. I odered this to run Front Row and enable a remote control on my non IR equipped Dual G5 PowerMac. I downloaded the new software from Keyspan 
D-Link DWL-M60AT 6dBi Directional Indoor Antenna. I worked fine and fulfilled my expectation. I recommend  
Good drive--odd faceplate. The drive works great. It was a bit difficult to install in my Sony computer as the two faceplates that came with the unit were different than 
Canon Ink Jet Photo Paper. This is extremely high quality photo paper best used in Canon photo printers. The 13 by 19 is used best with the Canon I9000 printer 
Great way to hide your audio system cables. These covers are fantastic. They are not as wide as I had hoped, but they do a great job of hiding the 
Great TV set for the price. I recently bought a major name-brand LCD HDTV and later bought the Sylvania 26 LCD HDTV for my kids to play XBox-360. Now I 
Great Product. This product is awesome....of course, it s a Sony : What else can I say  
Tons of room. The Sony 1 GB Memory Stick has tons of room for all my photos. It makes it great when you re on a vacation and you don 
Brother PT-2700 PT-2710: an Excellent Labeller. I have had one of the smaller Brother personal labelers for many years, and it sat there in its little case, waiting for those 
pretty good product. I bought this product to record interviews for my master s thesis. I found that it works really well. The only thing is that the microphone doesn 
my picturemate. I love my picturemate, i can take pictures and print them soon after. I will say that it is a great product to buy. I have grand children 
a good accessory. I have an Olympus digital recorder WS-320M. While the built in condensor mike is OK records dual track stereo , you do have a problem with ambient 
UPS for PC. A fine unit. Works well, I have not lived with it long enough to know how it will be over the long-haul.The software for the Macintosh is 
best earphone for the money and great customer service!. I had a Shure E3c which I used religiously, especially on the plane. the volume on my ipod is always half-way 
Great quality - better than fake. I am using this cartridge with my Canon Pixma IP3000 at home. I have printed about 200 mid-sized pictures and several hundred pages of 
A Sold Customer!. This watch is not only the best watch I have ever owned, it is the only day time watch that I ever use. I love the 1,3,5,10,20, 
Perfect Earbuds for the iPod Nano. I ve been on the lookout for replacement earbuds for my nano and finally found these. I think they are just awesome and believe 
Good price for a good product. It s a DRAM module, not a lot to say except it worked as advertised and at the speed it was rate for. Delivery 
SWEAT. The e-Reader is one of the best things that happened to Nintendos GBA. this is so SWEA  
A Traveller s Review. I travel overseas a lot for my job. This little power strip is compact and enables you to keep ONE adapter on the end of it 
Pretty good, not the best though. Memorex dvd blanks are my second choice and I bought two 50-count stacks of these because they had a great deal going on. In 
Best Price Anywhere. The cases are good hard plastic. At fifteen cents a piece and no shipping charge with an order of two hundred two CD s fit in each 
an excellent product. Although I give this product two thumbs up. For those of us with parkinson s like tremors I d say be prepared for a little difficulty at 
Great alternative to captive accessories; more flexible. I ll never buy a branded power adapter from the laptop original manufacturer anymore. I like having an extra plug - one to 
Good deal!. More space then IPOD for less cost. Easy navigation. Nothing very fancy. A lot bigger than an IPOD though, so if you are looking for size you might 
nice. Hands down the best laptop case I have ever used. Very comfortable, plenty of room, and when expanded all the way and full it will JUST fit under the 
Good sound but only when used under certain conditions. I recently purchased these speakers. Initially I simply placed them on my desk whose surface is approximately 16-17 below ear height 
Repairs discs to useable condition as described. With boys aged 2 & 3, and some poor disc storage procedures when I m driving, it appeared I was in need of 
I LOVE IT,I LOVE IT,I LOVE IT. Amazing sound with surprising bass.Very light and portable. I invited a group of friends over and they counld belive the sound coming from 
Works great with the Canon A70. I needed a larger card so I could take pictures at maximum resolution while on vacation. This card gave me the capability with over 
Great Protection... This case is a little pricey...but so is the MacBook. And so if you want great protection for your pricey buy, go ahead and purchase this case. I 
DUAL COOLER AND USB HUB. The picture is misleading.This unit is one piece not two.This is a great unit.This is a card reader,usb hub and cooler.This is great if your 
great quality for the price. Of all the DVD disks I ve used this summer, Memorex came second to Sony, but at half the price. I use Memorex now because 
Does the job for a reasonable cost. I was considering purchasing a set that was twice the price but saw these for 10.92 sold by Amazon. Philips is a well 
Jwin Electronics I9200WHT MULTI-CD MP3 V. Compact, yet elegant. Uses it as an alarm clock and soothing music to fall asleep to...The bass is a little weak. But an exteranl 
Want a movie theater in your home?. Looks great with S-Video and Component. Haven t tried HDMI yet. Projects onto our slightly off-white wall was worried the wall wasn t 
Excellent Headset. I purchased two of these headsets so my daughter and I could talk on Skype while she was studying abroad. Headsets are easy to use just plug and 
easy to use and very cool. the songs on the starter are varied and cover a wide range of age groups. The only thing that would be nice is if 
You much like the battery for certain!!!!. I many times buy this battery, for it muchly powers too many items! You enjoy this product, 100 !!!!1111!  
Cleans Great; DVD Repairs Need more. I have this unit and it works great to clean dirty DVDs, like those bought used from Blockbuster or Hollywood Video often are. However, 
Multipack; steal of a deal buy!. A ton of batteries for cheap...they work great. Always good to have bulk stock on batteries. Pleased with how many come in pkg  
Very good MP3 player, missing only little things. Very good MP3 player, can do everything you need, good for sport, joging. The only thing I miss a little bit is 
Here s a tip I found at a site for problems with this phone. I love this phone system but had a problem with one of the phones losing all 
Wired is better... if you like privacy. When shopping for routers, I bypassed numerous wireless routers to go with this Linksys Wired Router, based on data that show wired is 
Great SOUND!!! Great SIZE!!!. These bookshelf speakers were the perfect size and they pump out enough wattage for our needs. GREAT BUY!!  
Best blanks short of Taiyo. Taiyo Yuden media blanks are considered the best - I think Sony makes the second best. You can t go wrong with these. I ve 
Tripp Lite Traveler 2-Outlet Surge Suppressor. I am an independent consultant and am always working on my laptop. For the last few months I have been working in an older 
Great product, great price. Great external hard drive. It is small, light and easy to use. Plug it into your USB port and it is ready- no additional software to 
Good System - Recommended. I purchased the Sony DAV-FX100W system over the internet. It surprisingly arrived in only a few days. Assembly and wiring instructions were done well. It looks 
Nice for the price!. This is a decent GPS device and a fine Pocket PC. I d give it 3.5 stars if possible.Pros:1 It s a perfectly decent Pocket PC. 
Everyone should have one!. Finally, I can clean all the dust bunnies from our computer and the keyboard. Fits very nicely onto the hose of our Hoover. It also works 
The best LCD TV on the Market. Clearly digital and high definition will be standard very soon, and this set delivers.The Picture is awsome and the set up was a 
Great antenna for condo dwellers. I recently acquired an HD radio in my home and needed better, more consistent reception for all the stations. This unit really does the job, 
Targus handheld combo case. The case is nice, but I bought it thinking it would hold my folding keyboard. It was too small. The price was great, and the transaction 
very good. I was completely amazed at the quality of the product for the price. I have owned severel different types of equalizers in the past and this one is 
Excellent buy and compatibility. I needed to upgrade from 128 MB to 512 MB. The memory got to my home through UPS plus a dog bone for my dog within 
Portable and Functional. This item provides the functionality of connecting another USB device without sacrificing the portability inherent in the unit  
Palm TX Armor case is okay but... The case is attractive, built like a tank, and the Palm TX fits easily and snugly inside. Though reasonably slim, naturally it does 
lcd tv. I only gave it 4 stars because we do not have an hd signal yet. We will be aquiring it soon to give us a better perspective as 
easy transporting. This bag is great. Its not only good quality, but also has a spot inside to neatly store everything. I am a teacher, and take my laptop back 
Great Product at a Inexpensive Price. This flat panel TV mount worked great with my Panasonic plasma, with one exception, the plastic washers shims approximately 3 4 in thick they 
San Disk. I received this item for use in a new digital SLR 8.3mgpxl camera. It is fast and stores excellent pictures  
Boom Box. I also found this boom box for a very good price and I had to have it and I love it more then the home kit....HoooA  
Good Price for the Speed. I purchased this card a month ago. I use it on my Dell Axim X3i. So far it has been fully compatible, fast, and flawless. 
Great sound!!. I had a pair of these that I loved until my cat chewed them up. I had to resort back to the regular ipod set and what horrid 
Works out of the box. I tried the Kensington and it worked right out of the box! There was very minimal static. For an FM transmitter, the really strength is 
Good value speakers. The 5 1 4 ceiling speakers came well packed with adequate wire and hardware. I had them installed, hooked up and playing in no time and they 
Just right. The product is excellent for one person child or adult to sit on while playing a keyboard. The best part was that it took less than a minute 
Great Bargain!. Great Bargain with the ink costimg more than printers. You are better off, just dumping the printer and buying a new one for what the ink cost.Nice to 
Worked Great. It worked without an issue on my Canon EOS 30D. Highly recommended  
This Keyboard looks awesome and is awesome. This keyboard is the best i ve ever used. The backlight is excellent and the keys just have that unique touch that just 
The best backlit keyboard so far!. This keyboard in my opinion is by far the best backlit keyboard I have found and used. Other KB s light everything but this 
Excellent basic phone answering machine. I needed a bare bones, basic phone answering machine. This has a much smaller footprint than my previous phone and answering machine, freeing up space 
Couldn t Ask for More... - Quick and easy installation- Fast data transfer- Kills two birds with one ston  
I have tried a dozen holders; this is the best one.... I have tried a dozen holders; this is the best available.Others tip over easily, or they hold only books 
Works like a champ. Could have bought one cheaper, but I am a Sony man all the way. I use it to extend my Playstation and DVD cables to a 
Very good read and write speed. Lacie FA Porche 320GB is sleek and nicly designed product. The best thing is its read and write speed. It takes less than 3min. 
Works like a charm!. These gizmos are easy to install, just plug & play . Solved a broadband access problem for my Tivo setup. No other phone line or broadband 
What price do you put on your privacy?. The 3M Privacy Filter for 15.4 screens is pricey, but does give you a measure of protection on information that could be 
Delivery and Performance Good. Product was delivered faster than expected and in good condition. Product is performing nicely and has a strong signal without interference from other electronic and wireless 
A plastic-take on an old classic. I love the look of this phone but was surprised that is is almost entirely plastic and does not have that heavy authentic feel 
Changed The Way I Drive!!!. Hi,I m a TomTom addict. I ve been addicted ever since I first plugged in my TomTom 300 and found a new way to work. 
Great item! Makes my old system new. I have a 1.2GHZ CPU with 512 MB RAM. Good enough for my purposes. But I didn t have a hi-speed USB 2.0 
Very nice. This cradle looks nice and works just as you would expect it to. It also frees up your original charger to use as a travel charger.  
Great slicer. These Prodyne Chese slicers have been around for a long time. I have one with a marble base that I have had for about twelve years and it 
Great product, terrible shipping. This Salamander Designs rack is very well made and looks great. It takes a few hours to assemble, but the result is nicer than most home 
Solid and Tight. The display and click wheel are covered and enclosed. Click wheel still works - very sensitive with case on. Acrylic back may get scuffed, but metal front 
It works. I am using this to connect my powerbook laptop to my tv. Works great, and this image is clear. Note that this is only 3 feet in length. 
Just the right size. It s 6 long with a 12 power cord that wraps around the length of the outside and plugs into one of the four outlets for 
Buying in Bulk Saves Money on Good Product. Neato perhaps makes the best labels for CD DVD s. I have used Memorex and Neato, and Neato is the easiest to 
Good Product. We bought this powered hub for a desktop because some of our devices were not being recognized as USB 2.0 and we finally tracked the problem down to 
Great!. I love the case! It s very modern, sleek and very functional. I like the flap over the front that protects the screen. Also, it s very easy to 
Works flawless. I was a bit wary of buying this keyboard after reading some of the reviews, but was reassured when I read that the keyboard sleeps and wakes up 
USPS PS200 is what it says it is!. I read several positive reviews on this product before buying it. Most were positive. I m in agreement with that opinion. It 
Excellent External Drive, terrible software. This drive has worked perfectly, and seems very fast on Firewire-- with no cpu load like USB 2.0. Virtually no vibration, runs cool, and easy 
very nice phone. very easy to work ,good strong signal,crystal clear sound,very dependablephone  
Works great!. Stays in place and is a very secure mount. No more looking through dangling wires by having the GPS attached to my windshield. Highly recommended!  
excellent antenna extension cord. we purchased this for our sirius sat radio because we could not obtain a strong signal with the antenna that came with our radio. with this 
Battery eater, but pretty neat. Eats batteries, so I would suggest getting a AAA charger. 15 hours isn t very long if you do long runs or walks. Other than 
Works in Windows and Linux. It works well with both Windows and Linux. NOte that I did repartition it and carve out 30GB for NTFS and 70GB for ReiserFS.I carry 
Monitor Stand. This is exactly what I needed to raise my IMAC G5 computer a few inches. Very study, and attractive  
Works fine - no surprises. I am not a computer geek, but after doing the online research, this looked like the best one for the money. Delivery was fast. Installation 
Great for wife and kids. I have onwed one other expensive universial remote HTM MX-500 . In comparison this remote is easy to set up and very easy to use. 
Flawless. What s to say about memory when it works? Not much except that these are also easy to physically handle for installation. Like H. Shabab above I too am 
Overheating Problem is History!. I purchased this Chill Pad for my Dell XPS M1210 laptop. I run Power Point presentations for 8-10 hours per day and often have Windows Media 
Just fine. I use several of these cables on a serial console server to manage several computers. They have not dissapointed me. Unlike some other cables, -all- pins are present. 
Not Too Bad For The Price... Not too bad - and I just noticed you get a 90 day warranty too!!!? Way to stand behind your product.I ll give these 
Honest. Arrived on time. Product does what Sony says: stores your pictures safely and quickly.Good  
Just what I Need. The objective was to improve speed when I m write down figures and doing maths... 100 acomplished...Maybe the keypad it s a solution for that kinf 
Excellent Value, Worthwhile Investment. I only use fax transmissions every now and then, maybe once every few weeks. I ve been through 3 fax machines in the past few years, 
Working great!. Having not tried other subwoofer cables, I have nothing to compare it too. I can say it sounds like my sub is getting a good connection and sounds 
COBRA INVERTER. THIS INVERTER IS SO EASY TO USE I DONT KNOW WHY THEY ARE NOT MORE POPULAR. I DONT THINK PEOPLE REALIZE HOW EASY AND EFFICIENT THEY ARE TO 
Awesome Picture!. Just bought this TV and received it within a week, Eagle was good with shipping, and they set up the TV to test it before they left...As for 
How universal remotes should work--almost. After years spent shuffling remotes to change the channel, start a DVD or change the aspect ratio, what a relief to find the Logitech Harmony 
Excellent. This photo printer is very easy to use. Compact and lightweight. Good for those who just want to print pictures without a lot of high tech nonsense  
Great radio for the price . If you are looking for a cheap FM AM radio, this is the one.Reception was my most concern when I was shopping for a 
Sleek and Practical. I ordered this from Amazon after checking it out in a store and on the Salamander website. Has great features - finally a system that lets you 
performance. I have had to use a number of more expensive fax machines at my former job. This outperforms even those that were hundreds of dollars more.  
Hubby loves it!. I bought this for my husbands birthday. He was very excited. He had been looking at bags at a local store and hadn t found anything as 
Gets the Job Done. It is simple to use even without an instruction manual. But who needs more paper to store  
These are the best. I love these privacy filters from 3M. I have 3 on my different computers.Pros: They do everything they are advertised to do and they have no 
Great sound at great price. These speakers have a great all-around sound. Very sleek and compact with a nice low-end and crisp high-end. The remote works great with a separate 
Excellent FM, poor AM. I purchased this radio a week ago and was disappointed with the poor reception. In my case, the AM reception is poor. The FM reception, with 
Loudness?. First of all, these are good speakers, nice design but it has one flaw.batteries...A. it eats them up ...FASTB. if you use batteries instead of the wall plug in 
Excellent Graphic Card !!!. Excellent graphic card for that price. I install it on my old machine Athlon XP 1700 and works perfect !!!. It runs very well the new 
Excellent router when combined with 3rd party firmware. After receiving the router, I immediately installed the Tomato firmware. It s similiar to DD-WRT, but a little more user-friendly. Installation took 
Great Value. Price can t be beat. I don t see the difference between this battery and some of the more pricier ones. I have two kids under two and 
good product, fair price. I always recommend using the OEM cartridges for printers, especially if you print a lot of photo s. That said, I liked the convenience of ordering 
Excellent Price, works as promised. I used this KVM switch with both a MAC and a PC keyboard. The directions are clear for customizing hot-keys. The switch worked flawlessly. No 
Worked well for me after downloading new firmware. I first tried these blank DVDs and they did not work for me and I was very frustrated. There was clear labeling 
Great sound card. Everything I have tried to do with the sound card has been easy to do. Great sound, great hardware and good software.  
Philips PET320 3.5 Portable DVD Player. Just what I wanted for airplane traveling or on the road.  
Good stand for your HDTV but be aware of the limitations. If you have one of the two models of Sony HDTV that this stand is made for, it s 
Great, Soft and Practical. I purchased this for my special needs son who is 4 and needed a case for his cd player. It is very lightweight and soft and 
Ridiculously Fantastic. I have a number of toys in my older age, and the Apple I-Pod is clearly a favorite! I use it in the car. I use it with 
best price around. best-buy wanted twice the price for exact same item. they are thieves! we love Amazom  
Get 2 or 3 of them. If you ve ever used any sort of cassette tape system, it s likely you ve seen the MAXELL name. This device is pretty 
Works great. What can you say about ink? I found no problems with it... it arrived quickly, was about 30 cheaper for all 6 than buying them at the store. 
Sony Ear Clip Headphones. I bought these over a year ago for my mini-disc player and they still function perfectly, but keep in mind that I m not an audio 
Overall good product. My only issue with the device are the controls. Could be a little more user friendly. Other than that, it plays great, the sound is perfect and 
Great product. I bought the headphones as a gift for a friend, and he said that they are great. He said that the reception is very good  
Great product if you know what you are doing. This is my first pocket pc and I am pretty happy with it. I gave it 4 stars because there is 
rcarrier. I received it in a timely manner and am pleased with the performance of the product. It may not be a top name brand, but I can t tell 
Great player, lacking accessories. As a standalone product, this MP3 player is top notch, I d choose if over the new 5.5 iPods.BUT: lack of accessories makes me almost wish 
Good Product. We bought this to backup the iMac G5 that I got my wife for Christmas. I have had an APC since 1996 and have depended on it to 
Great flipcase. Great quality for the money. I wouldn t ever use my Zen Micro without the case. It is the best case I have bought for an Mp3 or 
Superb Quality Stereo Microphone!. This is an exceptionally high-quality stereo microphone.I use this microphone with my Olympus DM-10 digital voice recorder.I get exceptionally high quality stereo recordings using it.I don 
Batteries. Batteries can be very useful for powering things. Be sure not to eat batteries in large quantities. Keep away from animals, because they enjoy eating random objects, I ve 
Great product. This card work fine, as advertised. Install was a breeze. I highly recommend it to anyone  
Absolutely Amazing. Okay, a few guidelines here. You will not get your best picture with a regular yellow RCA cable. You won t even get it with S-Video or component 
Very slim and useful for a cool user. I ve had this drive over a year and have used it continuously to store notes and documents both at school and 
Absolutely killer value - provided you feed it what it needs. This and it s super cheap little brother are some of the most hyped items in audiophile land. I 
Good for the price. Sony is one of the best electronic brands around. This Walkman is really easy to use, has good sound quality, and the batteries last a long 
Pretty Good. The only part of this product that was not satisfactory was that the screen attracts a lot of lint. Besides that, this is a very good product  
Great Price. This walkman plays tapes and offers FM AM radio station tuning, which is terrific for when I m going for my daily walks. The sound is clear and 
Portable AM FM pocket radio. The size and convenience of the product is very nicely designed. The sound is not at good as larger and more expensive products, but that 
Pretty Good Heater. I like this heater. It heats up my large playroom office pretty good. The only thing I would change is the blower. It doesn t blow heat 
Perfect for second zone. Bought this as a amplifier for second zone use coming from my Sony ES receiver. Works perfect! I like the auto on feature when the Amp 
BUY THIS!. After over a dozen different types of headphones used over the years with casette, cd, even the PC when I want to feel the gunshot from an alian 
Kingston 512 MB Secure Digital Card SD 512 . Product has performed well and have experienced no problems with it. I am using it in an HP M425 5 megapixel 
Sing It Baby!. This is too great of an offer! It s a little pricy but its worth it. Try it  
definatly beats on ipod mini micro. This player has been great to me, and so far has survived one 6 foot drop to the asphalt. I like all of the 
Very True... I used to be able to go to the local Wal-Mart and find these pages, but they stopped carrying them and I haven t been able to find 
Better than advertised. I am very happy that this item meets, and exceeds, the advertised quality. It took no time to learn to use it without reading any directions -- 
Great sound....better price. This system has the great sound of a much more expensive unit. The incredible sound and small size of this system makes it a true value.  
Works as expected. No problems at all. First time using this brand. No issues at all. Works as expected. Amazon delivery arrives in 3 days for the 3 - 5 
Outstanding portable data device. The 4GB Cruzer Titanium U3 is extremely well made and very fast. I was able to backup ~ 900MB of data from my employer s ThinkPad 
this is very good. i m crazy about it. it is great for listening rescoreded articles, public talk, music and store some most needed files. it is well designed easy 
just what i wanted!. well made and has plenty of room for a load of cd s.the best price around....  
Great Headphones. I really love these headphones, I mean they are exactly what I was looking. I only had one complaint, the bass was a little fuzzy at first but 
 So much capacity for photos AND videos . The 1gb holds soooo many pictures and videos! This is so compact and my pictures are downloaded, quickly! Buy it, you 
Excellent. This item is fantastic! It is simple to use, easy startup and saves a lot of time from searching in books for cds  
Really fast and quiet. I buy this drive to replace my old IDE hard drives, this is a very fast and silent drive, and it includes the SATA cable with 
Great Portable Sound!!. For small speakers these sound great. If you re expecting audiophile type sound... get real. Not only do they have a nice bass response, they re easy 
Great Printer!. It s fast, easy, does the job and has great printing in color and b w. Another triumph for Epson! The multiple cartridges help you save money on 
Turning Phone into Media Player!. This expansion is great, now I have over 120 songs loaded in my phone. Great Media player  
Great Organizer!. I bought this for my husband who has had the the same one for about 10 years. His finally stopped keeping a charge and he lost all his 
Amazingly rad. Okay everyone, you can t be a dj using this table, sorry white boy. But, if you want to have an impressivly smooth looking table, then I d 
These are the best of the clip-ons. I now own THREE different pairs of clip-on earphones: Koss, Altec-Lansing, and Sony. The Sony are the best, for these reasons:1. They position 
Excellent way to add extra speakers. This is a very simple and not-too expensive way to add remote speakers to your audio system, assuming that you do not need separate 
Works great!. This memory card handles the job really well. Unless maybe you re a professional sports photographer, it s plenty fast enough. No problems using it with my Canon 
iRiver mp3 player. This mp3 player is a great mp3 player for people who have never had one before because this is very easy to download songs and it is 
I m happy with this card. I m really happy this card because it is very cheap and performs well, you must know that there are other devices that offer 
Beautiful Product. I got mine locally for 1100 dollars. The going rate was 1399-1599. I saw it at a competitor for 1198. So I went to another competitor and they 
Sounds good to me. I bought these speakers for my outside porch. The sounds are very clear even at low volume. They are very durable and well put together. I 
WOW. These speakers will blow your mind as soon as you hear themThere very very strong & they seem 2 have a sound of there own  
very usefull gadget!!. its very helpfull when you manage several SD cards, its faster and very reliable!  
good device. This device was as advertised. Arrived in new box and was as promised.  
Good performer !!. I have a Pentium 4 3.6Ghz 560J cpu installed in DFI lanparty 875P-T motherboard. Earlier I was having zalman CNPS7000B-Alcu with AS5 compound which made this cpu 
Quick setup - on the right printer... Could not use this on my Brother multifunction printer although Amazon says it works on any USB printer. This unit does not work 
problem with the range. I m having problem with the range of the phone, the handset is easily out of range and don t work a few feet from the 
Great Product for the Price!. I ve been using this system for a couple of months now and couldn t be happier with it. I bought it for my office 
very satisfied. The product works fine and I am happy with my purchase. Great price too  
Good choice. I had researched long and hard to find a simple, low-cost router to use around the house. I recently added DSl for my desktop and wanted to be 
Kingston it s a trustworthy brand. Increased my computer performance in a very notable way. Excellent price for a high quality product. I m very pleased  
Cheap & wellbuilt. This pack offers a cheap pack of 50 slim jewel cases. Buying this package with a spindle of DVDs or CDs is much cheaper than buing CDs 
iRiver Flash MP3 Players. I hear people bragging about owning Ipods all the time. When I looked into the price of a ipod; I was sticker shocked they want this 
HP 78 Tri-Color Print Cartridge. I use a HP Deskjet to print photos and pictures. The prints are excellent on photo papers or bright white Inkjet papers. It seems that 
JVC JX-66 3-to-1 Component Video A V Switcher. Strapped with too few component outputs off my Cable DVR, I bought the above. It works well. It can switch between 3 
GREAT!!. Love it,love it!!Great product for a LOW price.If your needs are low in,I would buy this one.I also have a Canon Pixma MP500 that I like.This one is more 
great value. this dvd player can play DivX, Avi, Wma formats, and so on.if you want to watch those files on tv, this is the right one.however, if you have 
Works Great - but requires fiddling with the settings. I read several reviews of this product before buying it - so I knew what I was getting into. It seemed 
mine. this thing is great, easy to use, had to get this because cable company wouldnt let me have another box. but this was easy to set up and us 
Works great for Kinesis Keyboard and Linux Mac. I bought this after having several Y-mouse PS2 USB converters break. I use this with a Kinesis Essential PS2 keyboard, and with 
Great laptop bag for an overnight trip. I ve had this bag for almost a year now and I couldn t be happier with it. I don t use it 
Seems to do what its supposed to do. I purchased this as a gift for my 56-year-old mother who simply can t get enough Scrabble with her friends. While I 
holds a lot of photos. I am new to digital photography. I ve always owned 35mm cameras but with the advent of the digital camera I wanted the ability to 
I m Impressed!. I am kind of a shortwave junkie, and have a few radios all over the place,I must admit that for the money spent, and the performance and 
does what it s supposed to. like the other guy, not much can be said. works. works well. end of story. The only thing i would have liked to see 
Make em last longer... Tip to make them last longer....put a little anti-bacterial dish washing liquid in your hands and wash them with warm water. They become clean and bright 
A very nice switch. I have been replacing my ethernet hubs with switches because the throughput on a switch is much better than on a hub . After extensive review, 
Just what I was looking for!. It s exactly what I needed... it holds the most dvds while still being a small enough size that it doesn t overwhelm everything 
You will need additional tool-snap ring pliers. I am writing this b c I read another review that was very helpful concerning this product. This seems to be a great 
I m down with OPPO. I ordered the DV-970HD yesterday and got it today. Overnight from Amazon for 3.99 with its Prime deal? Stupendous!The DVD looks great. Slim, light-weight and 
Fully Satisfied. The transaction was easy and the response was immediate. I received the product well within the time it was expected and I have been happy with the memory 
The perfect simple 5.1 audio solution. To echo the most recent review here,I m something of a audiophile myself, also havingsold high-end audio products years ago, butI was getting annoyed 
good sounds. my review is unusual. I buy this item for my daughter who is disabled, but loves music. She runs her fingers over the keyboards and laughs while she 
Quality Product. This is an excellent binder for storing CDs. The case is soft yet durable, and comes in a low-key black and blue finish. The three ring binder system 
Great for the hearing impaired. I bought it for my hearing impaired mother who was not able to hear the speakers that came with her computer. The JBL s have 
Bringing old printers into the new era. This cable, which no one at any computer store or value-added reseller that I spoke with knew of, is the sure-fire cure to 
Worked perfectly. This card installed easily and quickly. I booted my computer afterwards and the USB 2 ports were all fast and active. Couldn t be happier  
Does it all VERY well!. I have owned several fax machines and several copiers and a couple scanners. This is the first all-in-one I have owned and it is better 
SIMPLY THE BEST. is just the best card ever.. cant wait to get a second one to use both at the same time.. SLI  
These Jewel Cases are fine. These clear jewel cases make it easy to see what you have and the slim design saves space. I use them for cd s and 
Works as advertised. This cable is about 5 times less expensive than locally. Good shipping speed. The digital interface increases the clarity of an image on a LCD screen while 
Works great no issues. A small amout of sound from the fan. Works great no issues. A small amout of sound from the fan. I have been using this for 
Best gaming mouse. The Copperhead is the best mouse, Ihave ever used. Excellent software allows for easy customization.Looks great, and performs even better!The only piece of hardware I have ever 
Nifty Table Radio Sounds Great - Works Great. This is a surprisingly good radio at this price. It is small, compact and yet very robust and quite heavy. It is 
the best yet. I saw this at the store and hoping to get it in 3 months my other reciever caught on fire and was a 19 year old YAMAHA 
one of the best on the market. love the panasonic portable phone systems with multiple hang-off handsets! this purchase was an upgrade from their 4-set model which we have had 
Very happy!. It really sped up my computer. It works so well I can t hardly keep up with it. It works GREAT.  
Its good but... I got this almost 3 months back n I like the quality & the ability to hook up with any FM receiver as it is stand alone 
I was stunned!!!!. This is a prince amoung printers. My old printer gave up the ghost just as I was preparing for a big project. I had been looking at 
great Little IPOD. I now own an IPOD nano and this IPOD shuffle both are awesome. The Shuffle is great for jogs and long trips when you have to move 
Exactly As Ordered. My order was shipped and delivered in a timely fashion with the product being exactly as represented. Who could ask for more?  
Inexpensive, Clean, Compact Phone. I purchased this as an extra phone so I could access both phone lines on the second floor of my house. Well-built with hold and 3-way 
Builds Confidence. You could just connect it to a computer and see if it works, but this helps build some confidence. This was my first attempt to crimp CAT5 6 
NotePal Works. This notebook cooler is sturdy and does keep my laptop slightly cooler. The fans aren t noisy  
Great design, comfort, and durability. This backpack very effectively stores a laptop and books, etc. I have tried other laptop backpacks and this one is the best. The straps are 
Another great Sony product. This is my second go-round with this Sony model - but the first one worked well for quite a few months - with the usual dropping 
Truly amazing. I can compare it to other two products that I have experience with. They were unreliable, slow and demanding.This one, BU-353, picked up the signal before I put 
eneloop Rocks!. I m no engineer, but I was using the Rayovac Hybrids for my cordless mouse and keyboard and they kept running down. So I switched to Sanyo eneloop 
Versatile amp. The Spider II manages to pack incredible volume into a tight package, all the while maintaining great quality. As if this weren t enough, it includes 4 levels 
Best Wireless Mini around. I ve used this mouse for a couple weeks now, and couldn t be happier.Pros:- Laser technology - noticeabley more precise than my old Logitech Optical- 
Good cartridge, good printer. I ve had this printer for four years. I print approximately 25 documents each week. This is the first time that I have had to replace 
Really good product but not an IPOD. Great machine, the battery life of 12 hours is BS....it will last 12 hours if you have maybe 12 songs on it....if you 
This phone is pretty good. I have had this phone for over 5-10 years? I don t know how long, but it s been quite awhile. It is a very 
One of the best for Geocaching. Beats Garmin - hands down!. About 9 months ago, I discovered the sport of Geocaching. I started out with a Magellan Explorist 200, and 
neat and tidy. this fixture is compact and useful the hinge - like articulation allows a range of positions , it is close to the wall to hide the mechanism 
This cable rocks. Just like many musicians out there, I have about every adapter in the world and tried to get by with using them to make recording possible. It 
Amazon Deal. What can I say, I got a code at Chrismas time through the Amazon promotion and got this tv for 200. It s perfect for a master bedroom 
So many uses. So much fun. Yes, it plays videos DivX Windows Media tested so far .Yes, it plays and sorts your photos.Yes, it plays MP3s and sorts them by 
Good Speakers, But... The first I heard of these speakers was in a column by the highly-respected Bill Machrone of PC Magazine. He mentioned that they were amazingly good for 
Light Scribe Product. This product is very good and I can only recommend it to any prospective buyer  
Powered Paraglider Flyer. I love this GPS. The GOTO function is especially usefull, I set the GOTO point to my LZ and off I go, just flying around without having 
Viking CF cards 100 reliable for me. I ve used Viking CompactFlash cards in digital cameras for years and have NEVER had a problem with ANY of them. Never a 
This is exactly what I wanted. I backup all of my DVDs onto my hard drive as AVIs. I DVR Television into MPEGs. But I do not want to watch 
Not bad for the price. Affordable and effective. Didn t pick up a lot of background music or talking, and got a good deep sound from the person wearing it. 
Confused. The first reviewer must not have this Viper model in his truck because my research from the Viper co. site indicates this model has a feature to adjust all 
Happy with Red. Works great in my Epson Stylus CX6600. Red as red should be  
good deal. I was looking for replacements headphones for my Ipod,because I lost the originals. I m a college student, so money is kind of tight and thought I was 
Perfect as advr., Timely Delivery, and would buy again. This receiver is exactly as advertized, and works perfectly  
Solid & compact scanner. The Canon LiDE70 scans with ease, great quality and is very easy to move or store when not in use. The minor fallbacks are the raised 
Fantastic. 400DVD Changer for just 299, wow!And the picture quality is great!Love it!Its also a great way of keeping your DVDs in great condition.I love the Sony,Its my first but 
APC Biometric a winner!. Easy to program and set up. Solid support. Easy and simple way to simplify password keeping and improve security. I would definitely recommend the APC Biometric 
Great purchase. I bought the boom box and the car kit. The FM Modulator has a much better reception than when I have it in the boom box at home. 
Good Solid Product!. This product is very good for the price. Does just what it is suppose to do. Wouls buy it again  
HP 12C PLATINUM calculagator SIX TIMES FASTER than the Gold Standard. guys - if you are still planning on taking the CFA or even if you re not using an 
Better than my old Belkin model. It s speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This 
Targus TCG400. WOW! I love this bag! It has plenty of room for my laptop accessories, and it has a strong amount of padding. This bag is so super! I 
great little projector - hardy, bright, flexible. starts up fast, good contrast, simple menus, ez connections, runs quietly, lightweight & easy to carry to parties. no complaints  
Works as advertised. The information on the CD shipped with the cable is important. You must change the printer port to USB fm LPT with WinXP. Not sure about other 
in love with this terrific tiny system!. I ve recently purchased a tivoli model two, cd and subwoofer and I can honestly say that I am in love! This system 
Hiro 2.4GHz WiFi Presenter Review. Pros: Reasonable price, immportant features, came w batt s, virtually instant set-ups and easy. Excellent versatility viz. PPt, on-screen demos, signal range, size, user-friendliness, teaching 
thank you for fixing my cd player!!!. this product is awesome. like another reviewer , i had a problem with my cd player playing my homemade mix cds. but i 
Great Product. The best Logic3 yet. Get sound, easy to use. A little slow at starting the iPod. But all-in-all a great product  
Great bag on its price range. I bought it for my Inspirion 6400 and fitted perfectly, plenty of room and pockets even to carry documents and or books, very sturdy 
Comfortable, but a little unstable. The seat is comfortable and appropriate for most users, but the base is kind of tippy. If it falls on your foot, it really hurts. 
Too Fast without Pause to Think. A fast charger is an ideal way to work with NiMH cells. Fast charging doesn t seem to impractically shorten cell life but I 
Great Product. Easy installation! The 2 USB ports came in handy to support a network printer and another drive for backup. I removed a star because I was disappointed with 
Great Speakers for the Price. I purchased a pair of these speakers three weeks ago. I am very impressed with the quality and sound - very clean. Seems a little 
Has Some Quirks, but is a great start for ipod video players. I ve owned this player for about 3 months and I love it, so far. Most movies play 
Peace of mind for the MacBook owners lovers !!!. Hi there,I am writing this review after having used the product for almost 2 months now. From the moment I bought 
Work just fine. I ve used the headphones for a few months. A little static comes through at low volume but goes away at higher volumes. Not for high-end audio 
Get the external antenna & adapter for use in vehicle. I like this GPS and bought mine from Amazon. As with all GPS, the unit has to be able to 
Its a sony product. I bought two Sony 120 Minute Hi8 casettes for my sharp camcorder. I used it over the long weekend.The recording was just phenomenal. On playback,it seems 
Great... if you don t need to recharge. The cable works as designed, synchronizing my desktop with my Pocket PC. However, this does not recharge the Pocket PC s battery. 
AVL 300 Takes the Place of All My Old Remotes. I have to say that I was a little bit skeptical because of the large price tag but found out 
This is a Very Good Burner. I burn a DVD with full Movie in 5 minutes at 8  
Excellent Bluetooth GPS!. This device works great for both my Windows Mobile phone with Tomtom and my Blackberry Pearl which has its own Maps software. It was very simple to 
Hauppauge MediaMVP Digital Media Receiver - excellent. I ve had the Hauppauge MediaMVP Digital Media Receiver for several weeks and it works flawlessly. It was simple to install and worked 
Great for the money!. I just received this remote and I m very happy with the purchase. It came with several codes for each brand of device, but mine worked 
Hi Def TV, Cable, DVD s and X-box all look Fantastic!. Bottom line - best major purchase I have made since I bought a home with a finished basement!I got 
Great Deal. Hardware was A breeze to install.took about 20 minuets including the bay.Same for the software, no problems.Sound Quality is much improved over my old live card.In battlefield 2 
A miracle in every way. After looking for months for a head unit that would handle satellite radio XM or Sirius as well as AM FM, CDs, and iPod, I 
High Quality Product. The product is high quality and delivers excellent listening pleasure in my own privacy without disturbing other family members. The headphones are used with TV. I am 
Almost perfect. I already had one pair of these that I bought from a local store. Unfortunately, they did not still have them available when I went looking for a 
very handy. I purchased this swivel stand for my TV in the bedroom. It is nice when I need to turn my TV towards my Elliptical machine to watch my 
CAN T LEAVE HOME WITHOUT IT !!!!!. I have had this for about 2 years and I travel about 100 days a year by car. I have it hooked up 
Worked just like it said it would. I had previously purchased a Magellan Explorist Handheld GPS and mapping software as a bundle. Within hours of opening the box I came 
Finally a mouse without annoyances. I ve gone through about 6 different mice, and each one had their pros and cons mostly cons . I finally found the MX518, and 
Can t get all 4 ports on 98. I got one port to work with windows 98 eveninstalled the right drivers but I believe theWD Passport HDD helped with that 
Wow~. This item, as stated before, arrives in a box with a plug and the antenna only, no directions. Here they are: Screw it into your TV s HDTV tuner; 
A V is better than I imagained. I m really happy with the A V pack, it works exactly as advertised. My only gripe, and the reason why I only 
Tip for programming. Kudos to the prior reviewers that advised pressing hard on the SET key. I held it down with a piece of metal while pressing the power button 
Good product, great price. This is a great deal compared to what my local retailers offered. I couldn t find anything under 100 there and had a hard time thinking 
Exactly what you ask for. This card is capable of holding over 1000 pictures in most cameras. Going from around 17 pictures in a standard 16 mb card to 1046 
Pretty pleased overall with Archos 604 WiFi. I was able to figure this device out in about 10 minutes of just playing around with it. I connected it to my 
Easy Addition to Digital Camera Memory. The instructions and ease of installation made the task of inserting the added memory a snap. We have not filled its compacity yet, but 
Reliable and Easy to Use. I have bought 2 of these over 3 years, one for my office and one for my better half. My new one has already proved 
Looks Great...Needs a little work!!. All in All ...Awesome looking stand....very easy to put together...my 40 inch samsung fits great...biggest problem is hiding the wires through the pole at the 
Luv the name powersquid! . Great product so far for my office. Much easier to use than power strip. I affixed it to the wall next to my computer: it 
Silver Tape. This is the best Metallic Silver Tape ive ever bought!...it is also great because of its handy size. I recomend his item to any one who needs some 
Works just like Apple s. This cable works exactly the same as the one apple provides. I lost mine and bought this one instead of the 20 Apple cable. Highly 
Great MP3 player. I bought this for my wife. I have an iRiver HP120, which I consider to be one of the best ever made. I have to say, I 
picture card. lovely. my pictures are so nice an clear.not like the other cards i hadwhere the pictures came out so blurry. i would recommend this card to anyone who 
USB to SERIAL adapter that actually works!. After reading many of the reviews people had left about problems with these types of adapters, I settled on the CP Technoliges USB 
#1 LCD Period!. I ll make it short and sweet. I ordered this lcd about 2 weeks ago..Had a little trouble with my debit card not letting this much money 
Samsung 225 Black 22 Widescreen LCD Monitor. The monitor was shipped very protected and was delivered promptly. I love the wide screen in which the picture is very sharp. I 
No worries. I purchased this card for my new Sony DSC-H1 digital camera and have not had a single issue with the stick. It writes fast and the storage capacity 
So much better than the normal NiHm. I put the charged eneloop batteries in the refrigerator. The batteries retain their charge for several months. I have cut down the number 
it is fun!!!!. I like this calculator a lot. I had an old TI 30 1992 and it just died regardless of new batteries. This calculator has nice features and 
Two products in one and behaves like a charm!. I have Comcast for IP provider and had a Linksys Wirelss G router - trying to pair with a DLink cable 
Performs as Advertised. For those of us who just don t want to live in the half-duplex single-pipeline, high-latency low-reliability world of wireless, this switch is the perfect centerpiece of 
Good sound but only when used under certain conditions. I recently purchased these speakers. Initially I simply placed them on my desk whose surface is approximately 16-17 below ear height 
97 of the way there!. This is my first built in GPS unit. I have used Delorme and Microsoft Streets & Trips 2006 on a laptop for years. I took 
Sonata 2 - Black goes with Everything!. Pros: Stylish, designed for silence and good cooling. Easy-Access drive bays. An improved locking front door that swings further out of the way. 
Good hdtv for the price, has remote problems. I just got this TV and while the picture quality is pretty good it has one very annoying problem. Because of how 
Exactly what I needed. I had already ordered replacement cartridges for my Brother P-Touch labeling system from another vendor and received the wrong product. So I was a bit wary 
Perfectly Normal. I know people have said that it is a peice of junk, but it is not true. I have had mine for almost two years and I love 
cool. product usefull and shipped fast in very good condition.Will redo another transaction if needed  
Excellent Monitor for your Safety. I just received two. Small size, battery backup, in a storm just unplug the household 120V supply adapter and use the 3-AA batteries to continue 
Sharp Clear Pictures. First of all to the reviewer who noted that you re paying roughly 20 for 5 mL of ink this is NOT the ink you use in 
great product. thanks for shipping it so fast. it holds the portable dvd i bought for my daughter perfectly. it holds more dvds than we own. great product, thanks agai 
kingston 512MB DDR desktop Memory card. i really love this item. it brought my computer to the next level  
Additional Media. Bought this for my Sony DVD camcorder. It works great, have had no problems so far. An found it cheapes on amazon  
Cheap and they work. I bought these in a store for 4.50 because I wanted headphones NOW and these were the cheapest. A nice plus was that the max volume 
More bang for your buck!. These speakers are outstanding in base response. They look good and are a super buy for the price  
Garmin Cable was exactly what I needed. Thank you for the excellent service and prompt delivery of the sync cable that I ordered. It was just what I needed  
Perfect. All around good case. Fits well, comes with built-in screen protector, and comes with swivel belt clip. Impresse  
compact, comes with cable designed for Sansa e200 series. I haven t had to use this item much since purchasing it a few months ago, but so far it has 
Great TV, Great delivery experiance. Bought from Amazon and transaction was completed promptly online, TV arrived early and the delivery service removed item from box for inspection and to be 
Sony CFD-ZW755. For its size it has good sound. I connected it to some external speakers instead of the ones it came with and it works fine. The included remote 
Great Price - Great Jump Drive. This is pretty amazing if you think about it:A one gig drive for under 40 dollars.Thank you Amazon and Lexar, it works great ! 
Earbuds for Ipod. I really like these Ipod earbuds; they fit comfortably in my ears and they do not hurt. They make the music sound better. I was tired of 
Yamaha speakers. speakers give good sound quality and are small and unnoticeable at a good price all the things I was looking for in speake  
Works great in conjunction with other linksys products. I have other linksys routers and switches in my house and this works great in conjuction with them...I have never even had 
Super sounding alarm clock. This clock is just what I was looking for. The only thing that I would have wanted was stereo speakers. But the other one that I 
Solid mouse. The great thing about this mouse other then excellent tracking and great looks is that it is built to last I ve had mine about 6 months now 
good one. Works really well, I am happy with its speed and compactness. Only feedback for future buyers, is you really don t need steel heavy weight body while the 
Cool Style, Good Functionality. This 1GB mp3 player has it all and everything works. It s light, reliable, durable, and simple. The song organization is intuitive with music stored in 
Nice Monitor but not the best. I have been looking to buy the 225BW for over 6 months and finally the price comes down under 300. The picture quality is 
Great speakers afraid they may be easily damaged. These speakers deliver. I have no complaints with the sound, especially considering their size. Clear highs and decent bass. However, the speakers 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
Zen is good product, good price. This is the second Zen we have purchased. Obviously, it would not have been purchased if we hadn t liked the first one. This 
Laptop case.... I was very happy that my laptop fit, it looked like it would be too small at first. It did a very good job of protecting my Dell 
Love It!!. It is a very good product. We liked it so much that we bought one for our son & daugher as gifts. It is not perfect, but on 
Sony DAV-FX500 Excellent value and performance. I have the Sony DAV FX-500 connected to a new Sony Bravia KDL-40XBR2 LCD television superb TV . I was looking for something to 
CTA Digital 4 AA NiMH 2400mAh Batteries with charger DC-1HK24 . Works OK. The batteries do get hot by the end of the charging period and it takes about 15 
Way cool!. The CoolIT USB Beverage Chiller is perfect for anyone who gets their caffeine fix from sodas instead of coffee. It keeps cans cold - no more lukewarm Coke. 
good service. computer sleeve exactly as shown. very happy with quality and prompt delivery. jim  
Good buy, good service. This CB radio is a great radio, especially for the price. I m sold on it--feature for feature, it s a much better deal than the 
IT WORKS!. This little thing works! The read and write speed are fast, I m very happy with it  
Excellent...........Gumy Headphones. Sound is very clear and loud .Good material.Thanks so much..all 3 earphones excellent  
Met the need. The router WAP SRX and its companion PCI adapter performed significantly better than my previous generation products. I did experience better coverage and higher speeds on the 
No complaints here!. I use Sonic burner program and these discs have worked perfectly fine. Good quality and quantity, perfectly satisfied with this product  
Tough Little Critter. I was surprised how tough these little critters are. I got it initially because I did some travelling and needed something small and light. My 2 boys 
fast. This reader is very fast - compared to my usb1 and non-cardbus pcmcia compact flash readers this one is about 4x or more as fast. It is small and 
Great Stand with a few problems. I bought this stand for my 46 LCD and it fits perfectly. The shelves are bigger than I thought they would be, which was 
Awesome Music Player!!. I have owned two of these for two years now, and have another one on my wish list. I cannot praise them highly enough. I am very 
exceeds expectations. I m no audiophile, but I definitely am a music lover and listen to a wide and diverse selection. For the price and size of these baby s, 
Huge. This bag is huge!! I had read a couple of other reviews that stated that this bag was on the large size - well they weren t kidding!! The 
Monster Cable Gamelink 400. need to info customer that Optical sound cable is required for sound from PS2 console  
This is perfect for any ipod Nano!. I recommened this product 110 ! It stays on, I have no bubbles, it covers the entire ipod. There is even a strip 
This Guitar is Awesome. It looks stupid on the picture but wen u get it it looks awesome.That light color is becuz its a little curvy.It looks Awesome and Plays 
Pretty cool technology. I bought this as a gift for my son who is away at college. He now watches our cable TV from home on his laptop all the 
working great. I needed this adaptor as my PC isn t new enough to have an ethernet card included. All I had to do was hook it up, install the 
Very good deal for a charger. Price is excellent. No problems but I falls below a 5 star due to product lacking higher quality materials.  
I am finally able to replace my 5370C HP scanner. After a failed attempt at replacing my workhorse 5370C with the 4070 Photosmart HP which gets the colors too birght 
Incredible Portable Storage. After researching portable storage devices, I settled upon this one; 120GB of Seagate reliability that literally fits in your shirt pocket, and without the need of ancillary 
Very good headphones. I have had one just like this one and love them. The headphones are good to listen to and be able to listen to the outside world 
Simply the Best. I have used a number of these wireless navigators and this one is simply the best. I just bought a second one for my own personal use, 
NETGEAR WORKS BETTER THAN IMAGINED. THIS ROUTER WORKS GREAT NO MATTER WEATHER HARD WIRED OR WIRELESS. I CAN GO ANYWHERE IN MY HOUSE UPSTAIRS OR DOWNSTAIRS AND ONLY LOSE ONE 
THE Ink for the EPSON Stylus Photo R1800. If you own the EPSON Stylus Photo R1800, this is the ink for you.  
Best price quality for a keyboard w music control buttons. I only wanted a simple keyboard with buttons for controlling my mp3 player. I previously owned the same logitech keyboard, 
Terk Sir6. The original antenna I purchased with the Audiovox docking station did not receive very well and required frequent adjusting. The new unit work flawlessly the first time and 
works great. i got this antenna to increase the signal in my office its a 3 floor building the size of a small hangar, with these thing i can access 
Universal flat mount. After looking at 250.00 mounts, I was unsure about order at this low price. This is a great, well built unit. I would have no problem puttinga 
works great!. I never knew that you could get HDTV over the air but when I did some research, I fount out you can! With this antenna you get a 
Works great, but suction cups fall off. I tend to leave the suction cups on my windshield all the time, and just remove and replace the device as needed. Every 
Happy customer. Very happy with this purchase. Great product, great service, but most of all great price  
Great price for 25 RCA plugs. Very good for computer sound card to stereo outputs  
Complete satisfaction. I recommend this item to all them who intend to buy 1 gb memory stick for their cameras and cells.  
Clear. This mic is very easy to use, and the sound is very clear. great for internet conference calls  
OK out of the box; GREAT with mod. This is an okay product out of the box, but it shines once you perform the mod mentioned earlier to enhance the 
COBY MP-CD521. I purchased two CD Players as gifts. The recipient s were very happy with them and they arrived promptly.  
Avaluable addtion to GPS 340. This product adds flexibility to the excellent device Street Pilot GPS340.Thanks. Yakov  
Really Good stuff Man!. This speaker replaced cheap radio shack center channel,that never really gave decent sound. Especially dialog on movie soundtracks... My wife would always say What did he 
very happy. For the very low cost this cable works just as well as the cables sold for 100 or more.Product came fast and was easy to purchase  
Works Great!. Always purchase replacement drums and cartridges made by the manufacturer. Sure it s a racket, but getting the right thing the first time is worth a little extra 
Great Buy!. Holds a ton of pictures. So glad I bought this at Amazon  
GREAT Laptop and Accessories Carrier. This backpack works GREAT carrying my laptop, 300GB Seagate external hard drive, mouse, plenty of cables and wires. And the padding for the laptop is 
Automatic TV Cable Satellite VHS CD DVD Volume Controller. When putting your various audio components through an amp, this unit will control the volume of them all! This product performs 
Good. After intall it, I could not find any difference.The signal with the Antenna was very similar to previous setting. But real signal was different and better than before.I like 
Super mouse. This is the second wireless optical mouse I have purchased. They are a great product, easy to setup and use. Will purchase more as needed  
Perfect case for the Dell Inspiron 9300 Notebook. This case is not only designed well with many features, but is a perfect fit for my Dell Inspiron 9300 Notebook. I 
good room filling sound for the price. But... Overall I m very pleased with the purchase of this item. It s small enough to fit almost anywhere, and although not 
Olympus recorder. The recorder works great and the size works well with what we use it for.We also bought the external microphone, which really enhanced the reorder s ability  
Great hub - just a few minor issues. PROSSmallCuteSelf-powered - comes with a power adaptor. I have 6 devices hooked up to it, including 2 USB Hard Drives, and it 
Nothing Flashy. This is a nice, small design for a flash drive with 4 GB of storage although it does not seem to be as fast as some of my 
Stylish and Functional. This Bag is the best. It looks great and fits my laptop, Ipod, Cell Phone and all accompanying chargers  
TV. I recieved the TV when promised and in great condition.Thank you  
it uh, smells funny... seems to be good quality. has a strong rubber scent, and no cutouts for the 4 small buttons though  
SanDisk for Best Flash Memory Blue Proton for Best Vendor. I m very particular when I buy from Amazon. When there are multiple buying choices, I tend to stay with 
Does What It s Suppsed to Do. I bought the BE650R for two purposes: The first is to provide battery backup power for my home computer system on a daily 
Best Choice. I spent a great deal of time reviewing similar products. This product exceeded my expectations. It is used for security and the sound is excellent. The battery life 
Fifteen in One USB. Okay....you got media? Get this Hi-speed reader and you are realin . THis handy dandy device will get you where you need to be. It is 
Cell phone ease and portability for a land phone. Sound is great. Ease of use is wonderful. The guys in our shop have not complained once and we have had 
Great but not perfect . I m pleased with the functionality and the price was good. Once in a while depending on how the host system is configured the autoload 
Excellent player. Exactly what I needed. I bought this player to take on a trip.I knew that I would be away from a computer, could not recharge the battery so 
a moment to set up, a lifetime to mount underneath a desk. It only took a minute to plug in all of my computers and a new Infrant terabyte network-attached 
Performs as advertised. Easy installation and adequate instructions. 5th star would have been 20 cheaper and the ability to page through the listings rather than having to lean on the 
Nice compact size for a FRS GMRS radio. PROS:-Small Size. 2 wide, 3.5 tall, 1.5 deep includes the belt clip, does not include the 2 antenna . This compares to 
Sounds Like Fun. I was disapointed to discover the iPod comatability port was on the BACK. I was expecting a port on the face and for that reason I almost 
it s not a pci card!. look closely at the box! it is not a pci card! it is an agp card! come now, peoples  
Great Hub. This hub takes care of old power issues I had with smaller unpowered hubs . It is handling my pda, usb jump drive, high capacity external drive, and 
Great for Ipods and PDAs. This saved me from disaster on a recent vacation where the portable travel charger for my Palm TX malfunctioned and drained the unit instead of 
This is a great solution for my DVDs. I really like this TV. I almost gave it 5 stars. This is a great solution for getting the most out of 
Great sound, and A STEAL!!!. I bought these to use with my Samsung Z5 mp3 player. While the packaged earbuds were good, the sound was just drowning in bass. I 
Very affordable way to double your viewing time!. I love the Archos players for many reasons, and the removable battery is certainly one of them. Unlike iPod, Zune, etc., the 
Small flat USB for four - Nicest!. Smallest 4 port hub that I could find. I use it to recharge power on my road warrier devices cell phone, mp3 player, 
GREAT PRODUCT!!!. Just what I needed, great sound, very stylish, sometimes too much bass, but you can graduate it. 100 Recomended!  
fantastic piece of kit. this is my 2nd try at a screen protector for my palm tx. i tried the palm screen protector that came with my pda, but that 
absolutly capital. the one gig sd card works better than i thougt it would. it is by far the cheapest one i ve ever found and i ll probably get 
Does the job. I ve owned a number of different programmable remotes over the years and this one is the by far the most versatile. I have a number of 
NIce!. It is a very capable little tv. It works with PS2, DVD Player, Audio hook up and you can use it in the car  
First PDA. This is my first PDA and it was a good purchase. It was easy to set up with my wireless network. I depend on it now instead of 
Light stereo, great for price. Not quite as powerful as I was hoping for, but the sound is alright and in a small room it ll do fine.Careful, there is 
Good but will pivot under weight. This is a very well made wall mount but it can t keep my monitor from pivoting down. It could just be my monitor 
Great stand!. I ve been using one of these at work for the past 1.5 years, I just decided to get one for home and was happy it s still 
Good Buy. I don t know what was wrong w the other reviewers machine, but let me assure you, this is NOT an inferior product. I got it on Clearance 
Great for laptop, docs and stuff!. I am very pleased with this bagpack. It has a lot of space, useful pockets and wears easily. The only disadvantage is that it 
Works great for us!!. My kids have scratched up numerous computer and music cds. We definitely rely on skipdr to make them readable again both my kids ages 6 and 
Excellent self-contained DLP projector for a small room. This projector works as advertised. The incorporated DVD player and sound system make it easy to watch widescreen movies without running cables 
Good quality discs, MCC media code. No problem reading and burning on NEC 2500A. The media code is MCC which is highly rated in most media guides online albeit not 
Works well for what it is. I got the Streamzap to control a PC I m using as a glorified DVD player. It works as advertised, but has some limitations. 
Notebook Cooler. The only reason I didn t give this a 5 is because it doesn t have a closed back. Otherwise it is wonderful  
Great Product. Just as advertised and considerably cheaper than the OEM version. Works like a charm and is very versatile.  
It worked... I really liked the idea behind this product and decided to go ahead and buy it. It works in my Acura. I did have the reported problem of 
good regarding price. I m looking for an inexpensive two line corded phone with caller id. I just unpacked, put in it four AA cells and go!It works fine, have 
why amazon slower than 3rd party delivery?. I ordered the keyboard and BF2 keypad combo for 53.The BF2 keyset comes from Tigerdirect and shipped immediatly.The Zboard shipped from Amazon took 
Nice item. Bought this with my Tivoli Mk2 stereo. Great bass and not too thumpy. It really makes a difference and I cannot imagine my system without it  
Very simple to use, good results. Storyline can be created easily. Captioning is easy. Took about 3 hrs to put togther a 20 page storyline, caption and print the pages. 
Excellent value for money. The quality of the sound is very good indeed, I would say crystal clear. They were also a very good bargain. The design is also very 
Excellent. Works great!!! I have a flat roof that does not allow me to add a phone line and the only way to use my satilite system is with a 
Good value for right system. Worked fine on my Soyo PIII motherboard #SY-6VBA 133 with a VIA Apollo Pro 133 chipset, but only after moved to DIMM slot #1 from 
Tech support isn t realible!. I just got this card for my FujiFilm F30, and in terms of saving video to the camera, it s remarkably faster--under a second now, 
Handles the Sound End. This entry level A V receiver does a fine job of powering my home theater 7.1 speaker setup. It has ample power to make the Infinity 
love it!!!. thanks soo much!!! couldnt of asked for better service and shipping!!! everything was just as promised or bette  
just follow the advice.... Following the advice of other reviewers, I played a full length DVD on AC power before charging and I ve had no problems with the battery. 
Good Enough. I like the magnetic closure. It is easy to flip open and the case adds little bulk to the Lifedrive. However the little pockets for holding extra SD 
great budget headphones. purchased these for 10 back in 2003. i use them for all my portable music devices, and they sound fantastic with a higher-end portable CD player.the foam 
This is best CF card have ever owned! Won t regret!. I previously owned the 1GB Lexar 40X CF card and thought that was the fastest a CF could get. 
Works as advertised. Works great for playing movies on a car trip - decent battery life too! Wifi and touchscreen are easily worth the cost  
Good Deal. I m no computer geek, but this was easy to install and works great. I bought it to replace the original that came with my HP pc that 
better than expected. These were better than expected. Really excellent sound. We used them in the ceiling in the master as remote speakers for our sound system.  
Good Earbud that stays put. I needed to replace a set of standard ear-buds and didn t want to spend a lot on them. These were perfect because they have 
Great buy if you can find one cheap. Now that the vastly superior Voyager is out, this calculator should come down in price theoretically . While I think it s 
Does the job. It s a simple device, so there s not to say about it other than it does the job. You should note that the LEDs on the 
Exactly as ordered. The product shipped immediately, a new Dell AC Adapter from Cable4Less. I am extremely happy with the company and the charger s performance as I needed a 
Super. When travelling, you want it small and light. Besides, you need it to be precise and comfortable. All these features come with this handy or fingery! mouse. You won 
This Speaker Stuns Its Audience. Admittedly I m a music lover, not a technophile. I m more interested in Charlie Watts than I am in watts per channel. But my 
Great for musicians who want to record their playing. I have bought this card for the purpose of recording my guitar into mp3 files. I have gotten way more than 
Terrific. I received this kit as a birthday present from my son, and have been extremely pleased. I was absolutely delighted with the ease of installation, and very pleased with 
Good addition to laptop bag. This is a very usefull product. Performs well and stores easily. Makes a great addition to my laptop bag..  
excellent. I BOUGHT THIS RECIEVER ONLY BECAUSEMY OLD FM RECIEVER DID NOT WORK ANY MORE AND WHEN I HOOKED IT UP IT SOUNDED SO WELL I HAD TO GET RID 
Can t live without it. This is the best thing I ve ever bought for my husband. No longer do we have to watch him flip through channels, searching for 
InFocus IN24 DLP. This is a great projector for those looking for a more affordable solution.I had no problems setting up or using it. It has a good picture and 
Does the job at a low price. This memory card is great - great quality and allows my 6 mp camera to take TONS of pictures. I highly recommend this 
TV turntable. The turntable works very well. It s just the right size, and rotates very smoothly  
Get these headphones the right way. First,these phones are great but I want them in black.Now if you don t get a good ear seal they will sound horrible.The treble 
Fantastic Performance and Compatability. Can t say enough good things about this Brother all-in-one, given its price and features. I paid 100 more than the new Amazon price elsewhere a 
Cool!. It was a gift to my daughter and she was thrilled! We were all amazed atthe out of the box design and think that the folks at JLab need 
It Works!. Ordered on Wednesday, expedited delivery, by Thursday night I was printing off my tax return. Thanks to all the commments reviews I was able to make my buying 
Really useful and easy. At first, i thought this was too much money, but the convenience really overshadows the price. makes listening to an iPod fr away like the bed 
cobra 75wxst. seems to operate ok...i like the ease of the hand held unit,however i didn t need the exta,s i ordered with this unit, which were the connector box 
Very good!. It works so good, the WiFi tech lets you have all the control of your PC. You can stay so long time away of your PC and to 
Great job, no jams. Powerful, and not even one jam so far. I am very satisfied. Thanks for the reviews that helped me choose it  
Kingston 512 MB Secure Digital Card SD 512 . Product has performed well and have experienced no problems with it. I am using it in an HP M425 5 megapixel 
Solid all-in-one device. I ve had this device almost 3 years now and it s always worked very well. Once in a while it needs a reboot, but it s 
These are great speakers!. These are great speakers. My husband put them up over the weekend and wow what spectacular sound. It was packaged well and came with all the 
Good and can be improved. The Unit works very well with last song memory and LCD display.Improvement suggetions are: Add ON OFF and Album skip buttons.Amina jumana  
Surprising and Affordable. For the price, these speakers are a steal. The sound quality is very good, although the speakers do feel just a bit cheap . If you want 
Great Protection, Versatile, but HEAVY. This is a great bag. It has lots of pockets, storage areas, and extremely good protection for the laptop. The only downside is that the 
High quality LCD for excellent price. Edited 3 7 07Just checked Consumer Reports latest LCD reviews. The Aquos line scored 2 of the top 3 slots in the 40 and 
Best Printer. Best all-in-one printer I have owned. Had one problem where the unit powered completely off when not used, had to unplug and replug the ac wire to turn 
Overalled Pleased. I am very happy with my ebookman-901, there are one or two things that I am not too pleased about. Number one being the MMC , once you 
Great Price Great Sound. I just bought these headphones before I went on a 4.5 hour plane ride to Mexico, so I knew even if I didn t like them 
What is with the price here?. I previously bought the same size, same brand at Office Max for about 35. That was for my digital camera. I had a 512mb 
Great little printer. This printer is fast, compact and has very nice printing. I recommend this printer for home and small office use  
Great Chip. This is a very nice quiet chip. This chip has a 4 MB cache the E6300 and 6400 have a 2 MB cache. Where the performance really kicks 
Great Deal. I bought this tv in early january in time for the superbowl, and the only complaint being from New England was that the Colts won. I have charter 
Linksys. Got it today and it was a snap to setup and so far my wife loves it.Did not slow down my computer and the laptop is working great. Check 
Fantastic!!!. Fantastic!!! What a great product. It took about 3 or 4 hours to really get it figured out, but once I did it worked great. I downloaded 4 albums 
Does the job.. I recently purchased this UPS to replace one that could not handle the load of my two servers. Shortly after I had a power outage and this 
works great, but doesn t charge the ipod. this would get 5 stars if it would charge my ipod  
I love this product. I absolutely love this product. I use my laptop both in the lab and at home, so having the Kensington Laptop Desktop makes laptop computing more 
Stunning but confusing. I am impressed with the versatility of the 970. SACD s, even though I have to play them through the receiver s analogue 5.1 inputs, sound absolutely 
Great Cam for the Money. I m very happy with this web cam. It rests fine on my laptop s LCD or on my CRT monitor. The software gets installed 
Seems to work great right out of the box. I just purchased this item today directly from Sharper Image. Immediately after I got home, I noticed the temperature inside was 
excellent. people said this is bad brand and bad quality i defeinetly did not think so, great memory space for a very cheap price , trano my transfers easily to 
lexar jumpdrive. This is truely an awesome product, it is so easy to use and holds a ton of data.  
Good to have many recharge t o y s tools. Since batteries don t seem to ever last as long as one might like between charging, no matter how long 
Outstanding sound. This home theater system is great! It was fairly easy to setup with detailed instructions. Once connected the sound is phenomenal and clear. Highly recommended for the price 
good review. In my poor opinion I think this is one of the best mouses I have owned or used. I don t really consider myself as a good opinion 
A Little Something About Cassettes... Cassettes offer crappy quality of sound and limited durability, both of which are in a best case scenerio. However, cassettes are also an entirely different, 
Impressive. Thought I would try these because all of the reviews were positive and the price was cheap enough to gamble. I have to admit the unit is smaller than 
Quick, Efficient, Dollar-Saving Service. My assistant tried to order this from local stores but, alas, no one carried it; or, if they did, the item was far pricier than Amazon 
Lightning speed writing. I use this card with my Nikon D200. The card writes data incredibly quickly, saving my raw 10.2 MP images with no problem. I ve used this 
Excelent product. This mini dvd works excelent in my liteon soh1633s including speed at 1,2 and 4X.Great for data and music  
Crank it, spank it, smack it on the bing-bong. I own a great many pre-recorded DVDs and one thing I ve learned above all else is that all DVD cases 
HP 3050 ALL IN ONE. THIS IS THE SECOND ONE I HAVE OWNED. THE FIRST ONE GOT A LITTLE WET AND QUIT WORKING. I REALLY LOVE ALL OF THE FEATURES. 
Great quality. I have had this controller for just about two years and have had no technical issues with it at all. I never installed any software for it, I 
Lots of warning. I got a speeding ticket before I bought the laser. In Illinois if you pay a ticket and don t get another in ninety days the ticket 
A Very Good photo printer for color & B&W. This thing prints amazing color and B&Ws. If you don t need b&W s, save the 250 and get the R1800. 
great use in the classroom. I use these with my third graders in the classroom and have recommended them to parents whose kids just flounder when it comes to spelling 
Love this thang!. Needed a remote that would interface with my Direct TV Tivo DVR since I kept dropping it and also was getting tired switching from my other remotes.I 
Excellent... Well, except that you can t turn the drive sleep function off...If you don t hit it often enough, there is a lag as the drive spins up and 
These are ace!. I bought two 50 disc spindles, and not one of them failed.It takes me about 2:30 minutes to burn one disc at 48x, which is great!I ve 
Don t Watch the Buck. I have never used any other cartridge in my printer so I cannot make a pcomparison what I can do, however, is let you know 
For Panasonic FZ-07. I have been shopping for a camera bag for my new fz07 camera and have had a hard time to find one big enough to fit its 
Just as described!!!. This product has worked very well in my Sony 8.1MP Digital camera. Nothing has gone wrong after having it used for 3 months now. Good alternate to 
Great KVM. Work with MS Laser Remote Mouse and Keyboard. I bought this KVM for my desktop and notebook. Simply hook one USB port for MS Laser wireless mouse and 
Good but could be improved. The application is good overall. However, the routing could be better. It does not always choose the best route no matter what option you choose. 
Great little case, holds all my stuff securely. I got mine for around 21.48 at a chain store, and I like it a lot. I have an 8 toshiba widescreen 
Report on the Audio Technica AT-PL50 Turntable. I purchased the Audio Technica AT-Pl50 Turntable so that I would be ablet to convert my old vinyl 33 s to CD s. 
great product that works!. I just purchased this product and it really works. I live in the washington DC area, which has quite a few stations, so I had my 
Unlike other USB Hubs. This is very well designed. It give you 4 USB Port but two on opposite sides. This is very clever becase you have plug in devices 
Excellent REALLY universal remote. Excellent universal remote - controls every single device I add to it - TV, DVD player, satellite box, media center PC and even XBOX except remote 
Best Design Out There. The sleeves in most of the Fellowes products are designed better than any of the other brands that offer similar products. I only buy CD albums 
9.8 FT 3m Velocity HDMI Interconnect Cable M M. Excellent product for the price and value. Much less expensive compared to Monster and other high end products, but delivers a 
ETON HITS A TRIPLE !!!!. I ve had my E-10 for around nine months and have been most impressed by it s performance. My interests in radio pretty much revolve 
Highly recommend. Consolidated a Sony TV, Sony DVD changer, Motorola Cable Box, Tivo into one remote. Works great. Easy to use with good key layout. Learning works well, and ability 
Great value for the price. I bought two sets of these to replace the earbuds for my daughters iPODs - They are far better than the issue Apple Earbuds and 
Amazing. I couldn t be any more happier with this memory stick. I ve had it for 3 weeks now and I haven t had any problems with it  
good cable. It arrived in good shape and works just fine for me. Not a problem at all  
No need to spend hundreds. This little turntable does it all. It s advertised for TVs around 20 inches, but please note that is TUBE TVs, the old CRTs your 
Great all in one printer, copier, faxer and scanner. This is a very easy to use printer, copier, faxes and scans. This is the second one I ve bought and 
Convenient and Effective. This product is truly plug and play. You do not have to install any additional software, just plug the receiver into your USB port and it is 
Good product for the price, pathetic packaging, cumbersome replacement policy. I d read the reviews on Amazon and elsewhere, therefore knew what to expect. Product is good for the price, 
Frredom to Roam. I love this little gadget. It works beautifully, freeing you from a static position behind the lecturn near your laptop. It has increased the effectiveness of my 
Verbatim CD-R 80MIN 700MB 52X 50pk Spindle. Excellent product. The few coasters were attributed to my CD drive s malfunction  
Bash guard REALLY works!. I have dropped my Rino at least twice while on horseback while moving quickly in poor terrain and my Rino 120 has not been harmed, with 
great product for the price. this system gets pretty good sound for it being an alarm clock. i love the display settings....it has 2-3 brightness settings and the last setting 
Great product. I bought this for my wife to take to school with her. She said she loves it and its perfect. Ive bought Kingston flash cards for my camera 
perfect. This product was perfect. it s a sturdy case that holds my large collection of cd s and dvd s.My other cases were flimsy and wore out fast. This 
TEAC GF-350 Novice Notes. The machine works well. Be sure to read the directions compeletely before you start though, and be prepared when you begin your recording to click the 
This is it! The gadget of all gadgets. I just received my Cowon A2 a couple days ago. I ve loaded up a ton of my favorite shows already, and 
Panasonic SD Memory -- Great!. I purchased the 256 MB Panasonic memory because my new Panasonic camera came with a paltry 16MB. After reading several reviews, I decided to keep 
Pretty good. Reading the reviews worried me, a great deal.But excited as I was, I got the tablet anyway.I have thus far not had a single problem.The mouse that comes 
Strong sound quality, affordable microphone. This affordable microphone was the perfect complement to my Olympus WS-300 digital audio recorder. I took it with me on an overseas reporting trip, and 
Very Good Purchase. I did a fair amount of research before purchasing this shredder. The child-safe finger feature was most important to me, as was the durability. After the first 
Good entry level color unit. Our unit was purchased to replace a 3 year old Garmin Geko 201 for Geocaching. The Geko was great, but the tiny screen was shrinking 
Great product. Arrived on time, genuine product, great price, works as promised. Who can ask for more  
Fast flash card. I purchased these cards on recommendaton of a friend who is a professional photographer that has the same camera that I purchased. The Canon 20D likes these 
Crystal Clear. For the price this is an outstanding product. Mine sits directly on my 37 HD TV and although it is a bit large looking, their is no distortion 
Sony MDR-IF3000 Additional Infrared Wireless Dolby Digital Headphones for MDR-DS3000 Transmitter. These things are AWESOME and for the price they are UNBELIEVABLE. Great sound and so comfortable you forget that 
Excelente Bolso. Caracteristicas que lo hacen excelente:- Espacioso.- Ligero- Protege el laptop- Duradero.Tal y como siempre se han categorizado los productos de TARGUS.EXCELENT  
Works great with my P4P800 Deluxe. i recently upgraded from 1GB Geil PC3500 ram to this 2GB of Kingston PC3200 RAM and its a world of difference.no more timing issues, 
I LOVE this product!. No cassettes needed, pretty easy to use. The recorder fits in the palm of your hand and takes up little room in my purse. I love 
Worth buying. For what it does, this is a great product. If you have open frequencies at the low end of the FM band, this will work fine. The sound 
SanDisk Sansa C240 is a great little MP3. I looked around a few weeks for the best MP3 for under 75 and found this Sansa C240 on sale for 59.99. 
Great earbuds for the price. If you are looking for a good pair of earphones and don t want to pay alot of money, I highly recommend these. I bought 
Exactly what I was looking for. I had been looking for a bag for my laptop for awhile. Most of them were too expensive for me. This one has a 
Wow! This thing really works!. I was ready to replace the CD player in my Honda Odyssey, much skipping and would not even play many of my CDs. Two quick 
My First Shredder -- Very Satisfied. I spent many weeks looking for a good deal and finally settled on the P-57Cs, my first shredder. It works really well and shreds 
Excellent Value and Performance. Using the HDMI output provides a HD quality picture. I m not sure if more expensive units have a better picture, but I doubt it. Save 
Unexpected Quality and Performance. The first thing I noticed was the clarity of the sound. I used a phase 1 Monster cleaner surge protector plug strip for years and felt 
The Best Little Speaker. I didn t think this speaker would be anywhere near as good as it is. I was looking for a speaker s for my daughters new 
Archos 604. I just purchased the Archos 604 about 3weeks ago. So far so good. It interfaces very easily with the computer. Though I have not tried it using Windows 
That is a VOIP must have!. I have long searched for a solution to use VOIP telephony for my frequent calls to Germany. VOIP is available in many flavours, but 
Rogers first purchase. this was the first time my husband searched the internet. he went to your site and reviewed the variety of different items available. it was easy for 
The perfect solution. I have an old printer with only parallel cable connections, so this was the perfect solution so that I could hook up this printer to a new 
Good product if your expectations are realistic. I ve just come to satellite radio within the last few months, and the experience has been much better than I was expecting 
A Good Value. I am an engineer in a sales role. This calculator is a valuable tool on my desk. It is intuitive and easy to read and the keys 
Outstanding TV!. Upgraded from 32 Sony WEGA to the 5087W - what a difference! Even my wife, who doesn t really care or pay attention to electronics, keeps telling me 
Great product. Great product and a great price. Similar products I ve seen at local electronics stores were 3 times as much  
works. I have been using this switch for a year now. It has been working without any hitches. I used to always forget the hot key for switching computers. it 
Failed, but quickly received a replacement. This flash drive worked fine for me and then failed after about 8 months. I used Viking s online help and found it to 
Easy to expand, and easy to learn. Have been reviewing many expandable systems over time to replace my Uniden phones. This is by-far the easiest to install and learn how 
great price!. I got this as a backup for a 3 optical cable i purchased in the same order, and i haven t needed to break it out yet. Considering 
Coby is good enough for me. I recently bought one of these babies for my niece seeing that she loves music but I was unwilling to pay an arm and 
Great Headphones for the Money. The reviews I read on these headphones seemed to be half for and half against. I figured the users who didn t like them probably 
Works great!. This memory card handles the job really well. Unless maybe you re a professional sports photographer, it s plenty fast enough. No problems using it with my Canon 
How many pictures will it store?. How many pictures will it store? It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the 
Fun to use. This is a lot of fun to use, even for a novice like me. The process is interactive and very forgiving. My only issue is that my 
perfect. I did lots of reading before I bought this printer. this is just great one  
Palm Key board. I never really used my palm until I bought this key board. It is great I use it all the time now. The keyboard was like new 
Setup is ok but not for a complete beginner. The hard drive does what it is suppose to, it stores data. I have been using the NetCenter for over 6 
Does what it is supposed to... I haven t had any problems with the car kit so far. The clip doesn t fit very well on the vent in my 
great sound!. After reading so-so reviews, I went to check it out at a store. The saleslady talked me into this one over the others Logitech & iHome --she actually 
It s fine!. Mixed reviews from people on this. I think it s fine. I got 2 as gifts for friends in Africa and were there when they arrived. They 
Fantastic little flash drive. First thing you want to do is download the uninstaller from their website, and remove the TSR program on the drive this CANNOT be done by 
Love This Phone. We built a new house and specifically had a place in a wall built just for this phone. It is just like my grandmother s. When I 
Best Joystick I have ever owned; flawless. I do not purchase high-end flight sticks; in the past, I have owned joysticks similar to this one, but never with as many 
Love this Receiver. Great sound lots of inputs and outputs. The price was right. It doesn t get any better than that  
Works great, plug and press!. I love this little router, as all I had to do was plug it into the the big internet box and press the button on 
I ordered wrong item but I returned it. I realized I needed Micro not Mini memory. They had not yet shipped my item when I tried to cancel the order. 
Great product for the price. I have been using this product for a week now and I love it. It works great and has great range and WEP works flawlessly. 
Perfect protector. I find this protector a perfect one.Protects both the iPod and its screen very well.Unlike other reviewers, I didn t find it too difficult to install on my 
Unbeliveable Deal. I found this bag at another store and am almost embarassed by what I paid for it 36 fantastic product. I am a Road Warrior Technician and this 
Like many HP printers, great hardware... Very good printer at this price point. Fast printing, both color and B&W, with lots of control over quality settings. However, the software is 
Simple product but designed well. The 50 pack are all white, and the window in the front is a useful feature - lets you see what s on there without 
JBL Bookshelf Speakers. We purchased these speakers to replace a pair of very large Pioneer Speakers that we have had for many years. We were pleasantly suprised with the quality 
Very good color print. -The laser color is vivid and sharp.-The toner cartridge lasts a long time. I still have half of the ink after one year regular usage.-It does 
Pretty darned good -- if you don t need a clock. I bought this combo deck when my Samsung combo deck died after 5 years of moderate use. The Samsung 
The perfect accessory. This item is the perfect accessory for my MP3 player -- it protects while allowing me to carry it anywhere clipped to anything.  
Best CREATIVE software and materials out there. I ve been using NEATO and the MediaFace software for years. I LOVE the ability to calibrate the output so I can create 
good replacement. I shoved my original into the wrong slot of my laptop.This was the replacement; it has served me well. No problems, speedy delivery, cheaper than at the store 
Panasonic VHS DVD Recorder. It was easy to set up and use. Our remote was bad out of the box but Panasonic sent us a replacement.We were able to record 
GPS 2. This is my second GPS and it was very easy to get use to and now I have started comparing this Magellan to my Garmin, and in many 
Mostly happy with this purchase. I have had this monitor for a month now. I am, for the most part, happy with this purchase.Pros - large viewing area really makes 
Enjoying the product. Bought the player for my husband s office. He loves it and plays it everyday. The streamline design is attractive and takes very little space on his 
Memory Card Wallet. Great for keeping track of those valuable memory cards! Easy to use and fits easily in your digital camera case  
Excellent prints from digital cameras. This summary from USA.Certainly value for money. I download from a Canon IXY 10mp , adjusted contrast brightness, hey presto, perfect prints. Important, ensure you 
Works Great. My Router: Linksys WRT54GC - Compact G Wireless RouterI was skeptical at first because of all the negative reviews of this antenna, but my concerns are now put 
Sweet Success Scanning. Great! I ve had a flatbed scanner for years; and yes, I had the automatic document feeder ADF to go with it. The ADF never seemed to 
Excellent product - just get skype plan for 30 a year unlimited US CANADA. I would start from bottom line. Excellent product - just get skype plan for 30 a 
Excellent Card Value. This is an excellent buy and is a quality item. The service was fast and the card works as expected  
Relatively cheap, functions well, and ooh, lights!. For the price I paid I am satisfied with the mouse. The colored lights don t distract me when I m in the 
Looks great. The only thing that would make this better is if the sleeves could be removed or arranged in a different order  
Perfect for your best photos. Unlike smaller paper sizes, Canon only offers 13 x19 in the Photo Paper Pro. Given the likely desire to frame a print that size, it 
I LOVE IT!. This is a terrific little pod. I m very pleased with it. As with all Toshiba products I ve owned, it s built well, looks good and 
Great Overall. Great VOIP phone! The only feature I would like to add is being able to instant message my yahoo contacts from the handset but other then that if 
Great For My Home Network. I purchased the WPC54GX4 adapter for my Dell Inspiron 6000 notebook, along with the WRT54GX4 broadband router for use with Roadrunner for my desktop computer. 
great speakers. got these a couple of weeks ago from the bose store. they installed super easily, brackets sturdy and easy to place. the sound is phenomenal. very crisp with 
An unexpected surprise. I bought the NuLOOQ product a few weeks ago with little expectation and actually with some doubts it d do anything for me, as I m a 
Great Splitter Performs as advertised. This is a nice haevy duty outdoor splitter. I used it very successfully to split my Dish Network DVR feed to 2 TVs one on 
Beware Type-M. This card is the largest size that will allow clean video with FinePix cameras from 2004 or earlier. The picture-to-picture lag time is minimal with this card and 
awesome. great product. i would recommened this cd burner to anyone who likes recording. even old store bought cassette tapes sound great when i copied them to cd  
Excellent Automtive GPS, great investment for under 400. Since the 2720 has been out for of couple of years now, they are easily found at great prices. This is the 
Dual Car Audio Quality. I recently installed this unit into my 1995 Geo Prizm after the factory stereo lost its FM capabilities. Installation was a snap with the purchase of 
Make room in your kitchen drawers by throwing away all other peelers. You know the old rusty potato peeler you have in the kitchen junk drawer? You dont have to 
Great sound, and indestructible!. I ve been using these earbuds for several months now, and they re far better than the ones that come with the iPod. They re more 
Good Earphones. Earbuds are of good qualityWinding case is of no use . I took it as a replacement for Ipod earbuds. The quality is much better than the one 
RCA CRF910 Auto Switching RF Modulator. The RCA CRF910 Auto Switching RF Modulator did it s job and did it well...even after hooking cables up incorrectly the first time. I 
damn good product. what can i sayeasy to use, reasonable price, and good qualit  
Ain t Nothin Wrong With These Things. I use these primarily to record music compilations from my CD collection... I originally intended to use them in the car during long 
Well worth the money. This printer has the best quality of any printer I have used. I can t tell yet how the ink holds up, but if it does 
Sleek, stylish phone. I bought this for style because it is in a very visible spot and function, since it is good to have one corded phone in the house. 
Ergonomic, excellent mouse - software buggy. The mouse itself is very nicely designed and cool looking. I use it with my Apple Mac G5. The optical tracking is great, no 
Worth the money...... I ordered the phone as a replacement for another phone. This phone works GREAT and was well worth money  
The best bang for your bucks!. I ve been using this Sony for recording church services for a couple years now. Obviously, this is not a high-tech operation. I convert 
Surge protector. Product was what I needed, at a good price. Transaction was simple, efficient and delivered in a timely manne  
Better then others. Pros-Smaller than other flash drives-Has a lock switch-Has a ring so you can hook it up with your keys.-Survived being washed in the washing machine. I waited 
samsung tv. Great TV. Ordered from Amazon for great price. First Tv shipped to me got damaged in shipping, but shipping company sent back, and Amazon sent another one out 
memory card - panasonic. I find that panasonic memory cards are of high quality and the end product is excellent. Will buy this product again  
GREAT buy - awsome sound - low price!. When I got this receiver, I taught it might sound real bad since i only had two bookshelf speakers. I was very 
Solid Media. Great DVD-RW discs, I use them for film class and have been able to rewrite successfully over every project. Great price too  
Good for the price. I ve found the Cobra brand to be the best reasonably priced detectors out there. This one consistantly picks up our friends in uniform about 1 
much better than expected. Pros:- comes with Firefox Java Flashplayer mplayer, so you can visit any site and watch all kinds of media- High-speed USB 2.0 ports- Extremely responsive scrollwheel- 
Keeping the left hand busy. By far this is one item that should be on every designers desk. The pricing is in line for a device like this and many 
Unlike other USB Hubs. This is very well designed. It give you 4 USB Port but two on opposite sides. This is very clever becase you have plug in devices 
Incredible. This little HP printer makes the most unbelievable 4X6 and 5X7 prints on HP s glossy Advanced Photo Paper. I am amazed each time I make a print. I 
Excellent product with one limitation. As I travel extensively for business, I ve been a long time user of sound reduction earphones headsets. The E3C-n does a great job at 
A review for Inline Satellite Amplifier. I installed the Amplifier. It worked very good. I had no trouble with it. I reccomned this Amplifier.  
EXCELLENT MONSTER PRODUCT. AT FIRST I THOUGHT IT WOULD A WASTE OF MONEY TO BUY A CHARGER BUT THEN I CONVINCED MYSELF TO PURCHASE IT AND WHEN I TRIED THE 
A recorder to cherish!. Sony appears to have pulled out of marketing MiniDisc as portable MP3 players, indeed this unit is marketed as a professional recorder. And quite a good 
Magellan Meridian Vehicle Mounting Bracket - rocks !. Very solid. Previous rumors that bracket vibrates during driving are untrue. Holds GPS in place very nice and does not vibrate at 
I agree it s fragile. BUT when you own a Tivo, your options are pretty limited. I make sure to keep it plugged into the cat 5, keep the cat 
Absolutely GREAT Product! Small size, great sound, works with Most MP3 s. This is proof that good things come in small packages. This small size speaker system pumps out great 
Kind of slow , but good over all. The CF card works fine but it s response is kind of slow compaired to the 32MB CF card came with my 
Targus mouse. Theis is a small manuverable mouse. I especially like it for playing games since it is very quick. I had one before and I would buy another if 
Simply works. It works just fine, unlike the previous speaker selector I had. Not only that, it improved the performance of my speakers! The old selector I had was a 
Ease of use and simple. The device was in the bulkiest packaging imaginable. Once opened, the physical volume of the device was quite small. The directions were economic in words 
Perfect. I bought this to keep regular backups of my iMac data. This drive works just as you would expect it to. The Mac recognizes it the moment it plugs 
Western Digital 250 GB External Hard Drive. The hard drive works well, it writes and retrives well. However, this was my first experience with an external hard drive and there 
Necessary If you use a computer a lot. This is by far the best wristrest mousepad combination ever. I bought a more expensive Fellowes model a year ago, and its 
Love My Walkman. I love this CD Walkman,especially the headset-or should I say ear plugs since it does not have actual head phones over your head. The sound is so 
FOR THE PRICE. GREAT DEAL FOR THE PRICE. I DON T MEAN PUT THEM ON YOUR BOSE SYSTEAM BUT GREAT OUTDOOR SPEAKERS FOR THE MONEY.EZ TO SET UP AND MORE 
Easy to use software - readily available supplies. Basic functions of the included software are easy andintuitive to use. More advanced features may take somereading of the instuctions and experimentation.Stomper 
Not Bad At All. I just bought this hard drive a few days ago, and its solid. So far no problems its brand new, id hope not . Don t 
A great tool to keep private business private. After sitting on a flight home where the lady next to me corrected a typo in my expense report spreadsheet, I decided 
Buying my second pair. I was skeptical about the clarity and sound of these speakers...we have 8 speakers run from our receiver to most rooms in our one-story home. We 
Good price-value relationship. This card was easy to install and works well. I have very little experience even opening a compter box. Making a spot for the connection to come 
Not Perfect but very affordable for my needs. I have been using Memorex dvd-r blank media for more than a year and have gotten fine recordings with my new dvd 
a great buy. I ve had this player for about a month and it works great. I wanted it to take while pet-sitting and have been very pleased. Many of 
Good Buy but be prepared!. This is a really good watch. The features are pretty handy - barometer, temperature, can store readings, etc.The only concern is regarding the size of 
You don t even notice it. After the MIDI setup, which was different than anything I d done before, the use of this product is very simple. The interface works 
Good product. Works great, no problems with speed or communication. Been up and running for about a month.  
Good value memory you can get for a low price. This one was purchased for my pocket pc, have been storing files, pictures and more important, my recordings. Clearly it 
Simple to Operate, Easy to Read. Bought this for my elderly father, who has trouble seeing and lacks dexterity to push small buttons. This is not a dazzling, sophisticated remote, 
Canon BCI-3eBK Cartridge. This is my first time owning a computer that I was responsible for everything about it. I find that this cartridge is easy to install, but the 
Looks great! Works great! Great value for money!. I just bought my first laptop computer and really, really hated the touchpad. I found it unresponsive at times and found the 
Apple 4GB Mini is OK. This MP3 player is a good basic unit. The controls are a bit touchy. You have to get the hang of skimming you finger around 
DVD Burner. This is my first DVD Burner and the first time I used one of Amazons merchants. I had some concerns about ordering, but everything went very smoothly. Its 
My laptop never overheats now!. I m glad to say that my laptop never overheats since i got the NotePal. however, the design doesn t quite work for my widescreen 
Lots of research paid off. I did tons of research on 26inch LCD tvs. I was torn between the Panasonic and the Samsung LNS2651D. I did not see either tv 
Canon BCI-3eBK Cartridge. This is my first time owning a computer that I was responsible for everything about it. I find that this cartridge is easy to install, but the 
A nice addition to an entertainment system. This is my third Panasonic VCR dating back nearly 20 years. Transfer of cables from my old VCR was pretty straightforward.Admittedly, this is 
practical and pretty. This product is a good solution to personalizing and protecting the delicate case of your white macbook. I had the white ibook and after a year it 
Exactly What You Would Expect. This product is perfect for cleaning an LCD monitor screen. It s large enough for any such job, washable, durable and soft.  
Great Scanner. Great product and excellent shipping time. Makes scanning photos slides and negatives fast and simple  
Simply the best case ever!!!!!. Before I bought this case, I had one of those silicone rubber cases to fit my ipod, but that was a piece of junk! After 
Excellent Portable Media Player. Before buying this Zen V I had the Zen Micro. I was very happy with it but when the earphone-jack went in my second replacement outside 
Okay for the price. They are okay for eight or so dollars, but they don t last very long. Then again, I used these for a digital camera so maybe 
great product. This product does what its advertised to do and for a great price  
Awesome mousepad if you can spare the dough. This mousepad works great with my old mx510 and my new G5. It s very spacious, has great traction with the desk, 
ipod nano covers screen protector. I liked everything about the Cover Screen Protectors, except that the clean lense cover doesn t stay till your ipod is in the case holding 
ZUNE DOCKING PLATFORM. Works great. I can dock and charge while adding music or videos.Can also play back music or vidoes through the dock and computer  
The M. Stick of joy. I have been using a 128MB memory stick from San Disk. Now that I have a new sony I decided to get again San Disk. 
Does what it should. This cable does exactly what it should. The length of the cable gives you the flexibility of hiding your ipod in different locations if you choose 
works well. This sustain pedal works well with my Yamaha ytp300 keyboard. It feels very similar to my antique upright piano sustain pedal  
Excellent product and quality. Excellent bag, better to see it instead of look a picture. It`s big, so be sure to choose the appropriate size for your PC  
Good. I thought this back is just black and normal design.However, My friend said it look good.and this back is strong and capacity is really big.I did not find any 
Good buy and features. Great service from Electronics Expo. - great price and fast delivery. Got this because of selectable image resolution only with HDMI , matches to Vizio 42 
Love this phone. I have always wanted a phone that looked like something they used on the Waltons. Now I have it. My kids think it s a kick, and 
Great Price. THe Extreme III SD card was priced right and have had to problems  
money well spent. I was burned by another company with I bought their product and they didn t offer a replacement plan. The item died and no one can repair 
Toshiba MES60VK Gigabeat 60 GB Portable Media Player Black . This portable media player from Toshiba is pretty cool. It s very easy to use. In fact, I figured out 
Excellent player!! just some minuses... This player is really amazing... i really recomend it!PROS: The sound quality at 64kbps is excellent... I can t tell the difference between atrac3plus at 
Excellent product!. My sons both enjoy having the memory card for their cell phones. They only wish I had gotten the 512. Sheezz! Kids are so spoiled in our American 
Keyspan URM-17A Express Remote Control. Quick delivery. The product doesn t work as well as I think it should, but that s not the sellers fault  
AMAIZING. Yes. the picture is amazing and the sound is great. this is the best tv in the whole world.The vibrant picture and the real HD TV is all on 
Versitile. I have worn mine on my belt, even dropped it several times. In spite of rough treatment, it works fine. Once you get use to setting, selecting, etc. It 
for the money...doubt you can beat it. Bought a pair of these for my dad...not the most critical listener, but I am. I have a full set of KEF Cresta 
Wonderful product!. This is a wonderful tool for making computer art. I had been warned that these have a steep learning curve, and it took a friend of mine about 
Works with DVD Recorders, too!. I was about to retire an old standalone DVD recorder, because it would no longer let me create menus or finalize discs. I bought this 
Works as mentioned. This came packaged with my Garmin 2730 GPS and worked flawlessly to bring XM Radio thru the GPS. Nice compact unit, heavy enough to stay in one 
Almost perfect. This phone has all the features you may want, set up is simple, the keys and message print are large, and the voice quality excellent. I would like 
power switch-ing. the elusive power switch is present, on at least the model i purchased from amazon august 05 and according to j.piatek. it is located above the AC adaptor 
Great Laptop case. I just bought this Samsonite Notebook case and it is well constructed. The price of this case is very reasonable. My laptop is a DELL Inspiron 5150 
Great Size. I totally love this Cd Wallet- it is not too big and not too small. The construction of this piece is very sturdy. I ve owned this for 
Hewlett Packard C6614AN Black InkJet Cartridge No. 20 . This black cartridge gives crisp clear text and images. It is excellent for the home or small office environment. Additionally it 
Polk SurroundBar vs Yamaha YSP-1000. My Home Theatre was a reasonable system by any measure and better than most. However, my wife re-arranged the living room furniture and in one 
DVD CD Reader Writer. The unit performs just great reading DVD and CD, but writting DVD and CD as well. The USB port makes hookup easy  
great MP3 player. Bought it a couple of weeks ago and love my new MP3 player. It is very easy to use, charges quickly though the USB port and it 
Five Stars. I ve had my dvd player for about a year and use this a lot. Haven;t had any problems out of my dvd player yet  
Sansa Speaker Dock easy to use. I was given the Sansa MP3 player as a gift, so after I learned how to use it, I wanted to get the speaker 
light & Compact. good size and weight. not as user friendly as I would like - took time to learn how to navigate the features - still working at it. 
Compact Flash Card an excellent buy. I purchased this flash card to take on vacation so that I would have enough room for all of the pictures I planned to 
super happy with this printer. my printer came last night and i had it hooked up and running in less than a hour on my new imac. Everything works great. 
great product... i first bought a monster product equivalent in bestbuy, and it absolutely sucked. after buying this i am very happy i did. It works just how it says 
Memorex Laser Lens Cleaner for DVD - REVIEW. This product seems fine for occasional DVD laser cleaning. You are to only use it up to 30 times, so you will 
This card will work with Windows 2000 with Belkin s version 4 driver only. This card works great after much testing of their different drivers. Version 4 or lower of 
45 & 78 cartridges -remanufactured. got a couple HP 45s and 78s described as new, remanufactured , and they were delivered fast and I ve had no problems. look and 
Best Electric Heater. I bought this heater for my living room. I have central heat and air, but this helps me save money on my heating bill. It s slightly 
hdmi to dvi cable. the ease and timelyness of the product was very high. i was able to get what i needed with no hassle or fuss  
Compact & convenient. I wish Targus made the same bag just a few inches wider. My Toshiba 2600 barely squeezes in the bag. However, it does fit and I was 
It works for a 30GB iPod Video. I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT IN ORDER TO PROTECT MY 30GB IPOD VIDEO BECAUSE I KNOW THIS MODEL OF IPOD IS TOO DELICATE. A 
great video card at a great price. great performing card for only 50.00. I had no problem installing. My card even works in a system that is powered by a 
compact and it works. purchased 2, used as turntable amp feeding audio switcher works fin  
Sweet. I received it as a gift and am very happy with it. I record overnight in the dock and replay at work during the day.Pros:Several EQ settings.Great antenna sensitivity 
Wonderfully comfortable. I know it seems gimmicky, but you d be amazed how comfortable and soothing the wrist rest is. It s not stiff like some can be, but it 
Alternate pick to Ipod. I was programming an Ipod for a friend and became interested in buying one for myself. I went to the store to get some info on 
Affordable and works great. After reading mixed reviews I doubted about buying this pre-amp. At the end, I decided to buy it and haven t regretted a single minute. It 
It works and it works well. The item does what it should do as advertized. The media code is somewhat few medias use nowadays, and it works fine with all 
Good Value for the Kids!. Great basic headphones for the kids. Why spend more on something likely to be stepped on, yanked on, or lost  
Western Digital WD800BB 80GB 7,200RPM Ultra ATA 100. Drive got to me timly, installed per instructions, and works wel  
WD Hard Drive. So far so good. I am able to use the drive for video editing. it is a little slow, but not sure if that is the drive 
Great little radio. I needed a radio for the kitchen and checked reviews and bought this one. I m very pleased. Sound is good and the sensitivity is great...it might 
If You Can Have Only One Radio. Every house should have a Grundig S350 Deluxe. Big, brawny, grabbing in all the hard-to-get stations with ease, championing a big antenna that 
Likes Dislikes: A List. There are some things I like about this, others I don t. Some people have written similar reviews, but I want to add my 2 cents. 
ANTOnline. Drive would not install, however ANTOnline immediately accepted return and issued credit. I went another way for drive, but highly recommend this vendor  
I m Impressed!. I am kind of a shortwave junkie, and have a few radios all over the place,I must admit that for the money spent, and the performance and 
Big & Fast!. Perhaps the ultimate addition to a good camera. I used my camera with a SanDisk Pro Duo the blue one... and while most times it was fine, 
Netgear switches rock!. We now use nothing other than Netgear switches for all our small-mid sized networking requirements. They are solid reliable and work in all conditions  
Good tiny but reliable machine. We actually purchased two 2 of these!! We really love it and planning to buy one more machine in our office. This machine is very 
great ipod for exercise. I would give this 5 stars but for a few things:- the included earbuds are uncomfortable and fall out of my ears duringexercise- syncing is sometimes 
Title. the card works great. a little slow on the game i had to buy it for but other than that no problems. reccomend.  
Very nice TV.... needs more volume. I have owned this TV for a few weeks and have been very pleased with it. The only complaint I have is that the 
WD NetCenter. Delivers as promised. I have not used the drive to share a printer but as a network drive, it s a good product. We use it on a 
Great Product. I m very pleased with this product thus far. The level of detail is sufficient to track my training progress without overwhelming me with trivial details. I think 
It s a SHOTGUN microphone. Just had to post a response to one of the other comments. This is a SHOTGUN microphone. There is no such thing as a Stereo 
Happy with my purchase. It was easy ordering, easy delivery and satisfying outcome. Love the TV  
USB audio adapter. This is great. I wanted to use it for external speakers I ordered a docking station online at amazon and stupidly didn t realize that it was 
Nice mammoth-size printer weighing 30 pounds... Very nice printer. This is not the printer I was looking for, but I only bought it because it s Made in Japan. Otherwise, 
NO LIGHTSCRIBE. Don t be hornswaggled! These CD s do not work with lightscribe though they do show up when you search for lightscribe media  
Nothing less than excellent!. Crystal clear audio with great range. This is simply the best cordless phone I ve ever used. Text screen lights up well when a call comes 
great product. I ve used these for recording cds. No coasters after several hundred burns. Not sure if the CD is optimized for music or not, but the top side 
Great Numeric Keypad. I bought this because my Wolfclaw keyboard doesn t have a numeric keypad and this was a great substitute. Nice touch to the keys and plug and 
Accessable USB 2 Ports. For my older PC this made it easy to access a USB 2 port without crawling around to the back of the computer. It does require 
Multipak ink. Good value. I will always buy the manufacturers ink after ruining two printers with cheap imitations  
Very Useful For Small Studio. I bought these for my auxiliary video editing station. The sound is very natural, and there s more than enough power for a small room-with 
VERY DURABLE. I got this keyboard 3 days ago so i still might be too early to write this review... the only reason i m writing this review is because 
Allows full speed. The reason I purchased Taiyo Yuden discs is because the Plextor site has a list of approved media, and T.Y. ranks very high in a number of 
excellent. has been very useful, for storing pictures and recording long videos. sufficient for me who is not a professional.and i received the item within 2-3 day  
Great product, Best Price. The converter works great, excelent picture quality, great for viewing movies from the computer in the tv. I would recoment this to everyone, has the quality 
SAMSUNG PRODUCT BACKUP. I HAD SIMILAR PROBLEM WITH TV NOT TURNING ON, AFTER HAVING PURCHASE A YEAR AGO. FOR ALMOST YEAR IT WORKED GREAT !!TRIED ALL SOLUTIONS GIVEN TO ME, 
Great value. This was the perfect TV for our needs: It fits the space, is economical, has great picture size and quality, and lots of features. It is a good 
Terrific Sound Improvement!!. For some time, I had been reluctant to switch to coaxial digital cables. I figured I was getting good sound with the optical cable which I paid 
Targus Presenter makes powerpoint presentations a snap!. When I ordered this, I did it because my son told me to, I didn t even understand how to use it. But 
EasyMount EZSJ-02 Pan Tilt LCD Mount for up to 27 Screens. GREAT MOUNTING SYSTEM, VERY EASY TO USE  
Good Product, Arrived Quickly, Easy to Install, Good Value. Great deal, compared with the ones available at Circuit City or Best Buy. Only thing I wished was that it had 
Targus keyboard order. shipped out quickly, on time,and package was as promised  
Really decent at a good price... Nothing particularly special about these...just good, workhorse earphones at a really good price  
If you already have a Roady2.... Sign up for the newsletter and special offers online through XM! I also only paid 20, including the shipping! No way would I pay 
Great hub, especially for people who have thumb drive mp3 players. I got this for my brother because he has a Samsung Yepp YP-U1Z mp3 player, which is shaped like 
awsome speaker. All I can really say is WOW! I mean this speaker looks incredible and sounds even better, I couldn t ask for anything more.  
Very comfortable with great sound. I found these earbuds to be very comfortable, with terrific sound quality. Since I wear hearing aids I am used to having something directly in 
Good buy. I got this CPU overclocked at 2200Mhz and running MS W Server2003 Enterprise very stable. Mobo is Asus A8N5X bought combo with Powercolor X800 GTO 256mb ddr3 PCIe. 
Quality Product. These tapes are the best for reproduction of sounds especially from CD. Sounds just as good  
The best value card!!. I am new to digital photography. Till now I have mainly used point & shoot film cameras. I purchased this card for my Canon 350D SLR 
Satisfied!. I just make it very short!I m very satisfied with Plextor, it is just i expected to be! All my home videos are digitalized with no problem at all. 
Grrrrrrrrreat. Thanks a lot guys these are the best headphones, I had a pair but my kids broke them, I was so happy to find the same headset on amazon 
Asking for more would be whining.... Except for no auto reverse - this is one nifty little player. I admit I was disappointed when I realized this. I m not 
good for med students. Got my PDA right when it came out. Windows makes it easy to use. Used it during my internal medicine and pediatrics rotations so far. Downloaded 
Panasonic RF-2400 worth the cost. I purchased this radio to use in my garage workshop. Reception is good, sound quality very good for a small portable radio.  
Good value, but no banana plugs. This package of connectors really is a great value but buyers should be aware that it only has tip connectors. Since a lot of 
Philips Cassette Adapter. Got the I River but got a lot of interference. This cassette adapter is so much better. Just put it into your deck and play away. Nice 
Better than the standard Flex Sleeves. Picked these up 6 months ago & haven t been disappointed. I was nervous getting them for my E2C s but they are much 
Promise Delivered. These speakers are absolutely awesome for a small space like mine. Quality stuff. Just read the description and that s what you ll get. Highly recommended.  
Looks ok. The cable seems to be well built and the length is great. The connectors appear to be high quality. Unfortunately, I use the cable to hook up the 
Chill Pad. Arrived on time and in excellant condition. It works very well, my laptop is much more comfortable to use  
ehhh.... I APPROVE!. Okay so yeah the loud screeching of the scanner will probably grind your nerves and test your patience like it did to me, but HEY HEY the 
The Best. Even though it is expensve, it is a palm pilot. You can plug it in via USB. It is a good PDA  
works as advertised. A generally good phone ... I especially like the speaker phone that is of a very good quality, and integrates well with the phone. On the other 
John s JVC Changer. Really am enjoying the new JVC-CD changer. It s easy to install and easy to use - no more changing discs in a cartridge! The controls 
Plain little box that just plain works. I was quite frustrated with other KVM switches that are cheap or designed to look stylish. This one is just a little metal 
Excellent all round MP3 player. I got one of these with my birthday present money after I returned a Zicplay MP3 player that was faulty and was not good enough 
What can you say about trash bags. They either hold trash or they don t. These do. :  
HDTV is as good as it gets. Bought my Panasonic 32LX60 LCD on 11 1 06 from Amazon with free shipping and was impressed with the courtesy & efficiency of 
Works perfectly, and I have HUGE arms!. Did any of the other reviewers follow the directions? This kit works great! I used this plus the Nike sensor kit and an 
Really good product but not an IPOD. Great machine, the battery life of 12 hours is BS....it will last 12 hours if you have maybe 12 songs on it....if you 
Love it!. This is the only case I have bought for my green nano and it is great! I looks better than any of the ones at Target and I 
Used for IPod... I purchased the Aux Adapter to connect my IPod with my Pioneer deck and it went off without any issues. It shipped fast and installation was simple 
pretty good. this does not fit flush in the DIN of my new dell desktop but it gets the job done  
Motorola radios, good performers. We use quite a few of the 5500 and 5400 series Motorola FRS radios. They all work together as long as everyone is on the same 
Beyond all expectations. It s like magic - I waited for years for an affordable high-resolution slide scanner and this is finally it. I was disappointed with the res of 
TOP OF THE LINE. THIS IS WHAT YOU WANT, TOP OF THE LINE NEVER GET LOST AGAIN NO MORE SPAT WITH YOUR FRIENDS, OR OTHERS. JUST GET THE MAGELLAN AND 
My Daughter Loves it and she is 10. I bought the heart shaped disney princess phone for my daughter for Christmas and what a piece of junk that was. So 
Works well, good price. This works nicely for ripping vinyl to mp3. My only real gripe is that there is no grounding point so I made one and grounded it 
good case. this case is very good and sturdy, but there are 2 things i dont like too much. 1 is that you cannot access the hold button at the 
Works fine. Creating full 8.5GB dual layer data DVD takes about 30 min. on a 2Ghz P4 w 1GB ram. 4.7GB data DVD takes about 10 min. Good price. Installed 
Sleek looking MP3 player. I just got this today and it is a nice little MP3 player. Unlike the old Apple Shuffle I had that died , this unit has 
Does What I Wanted. This is a low-end product, but performs well. Has played everything I ve fed it so far. Problem with blank screen cited by another reviewer is 
Love it!!!. I love this drive. It s extremely easy to use. It s just small enough to take where ever I go, but not too small where it can 
Great drive. I ve had this drive for a year now and I ve burned over 500 dvds. The drive is still going strong, with no signs of giving up. 
loooooove this!. this case is awesome. it hugs my ipod like some sort of magical force-field so i dont have to worry about scratches. its very secure, except for the 
Marware Protection Pack 13 MacBook White. This is an excellent product and is just what I wanted. The micro-leather cover for the palm rests is comfortable and although it has 
Review for WACOM. It s a great item, I m loving it. It s been veru helpful in my scrapbook photos..  
Pretty easy. We have DSL wired & wireless router VOIP, and added the Linksys PSUS4 print server to the mix. Our printer is an HP PSC 1100, an inexpensive multifunction 
I love my tablet!. I have not had my tablet very long, but I am already adjusting to it, I have found it to be very easy to use, although 
Best of best!. I have used other capture devices for analog capture, and have always had problems with frames dropping ect. Not anymore after purchasing Canopus ADVC110 converter. It does 
does the job while looking good!!. as someone else mentioned its not the sturdiest rack out there, but it has not tipped over on me so i really cant complain.it 
Worth every penny!. Like most people, I was excited to buy a plasma TV just because it is wall mountable. But realistically, I didn t want to drill huge holes 
Very nice telephone. I replaced an old Sony Cordless that I d had for years because it was getting to hard to find batteries for it. I m very happy 
Good value memory you can get for a low price. This one was purchased for my pocket pc, have been storing files, pictures and more important, my recordings. Clearly it 
High quality!. We live in a highrise with bad radio reception. This radio gets everything very clearly. It is larger than I expected, but this is the price for CD 
Affordable Rervese Polish. I ve been using the Reverse polish logic calculators for 25 years and everytime one dies I panic because they usually cost over 200. This one is 
Card Solved the Problem. My main problem was that my Dell Dimensions 4100 Pentium III 866 was locking up when watching videos on the Web. I tried loading more RAM 
don t mail it in if the tweeter dome is damaged. Mine sounded pretty distorted. I noticed that one tweeter had a pushed-in dome not sure how it happened . 
Great for Airplanes!. If you re a frequent flier, this is a must-have accessory for your Shure E-series canalphones. The output from the headset jack on major airlines is overpowered 
Great Affordable Wireless Headphones. I love these headphones. I use them at night in bed when my girlfriend is sleeping and she doesn t hear a thing. The sound is 
Excellent product. This little gadget is very cool and inexpensive. I can just plug in my USB drive into this and keep playing any number of songs. The quality of 
Excellent Laser Printer Combo. Solid performance long term with the Brother MFC line as we have used one for years. This one offers wireless printing as well as wired network 
IPOD. The IPOD is great but i have not been able to get the free video coupon included to work. Thanks John Clayto  
GREAT. These headphones, i got over 5 months ago, i use them with both my mac and PC. Great sound quality, better than bose, no joke. The surround sound is 
Great Unit. This is my first GPS unit. I have not had a problem with the mounting unit as I have it mounted so that the unit rests on the 
Garmin GSC 10 Speed Cadence Sensor. The device battery was dead when I received the cadence sensor, but once I replaced the battery the sensor works great with my Garmin 
Works well. Where the cable comes into my house the splitters from the cable co. were 900mhz and I thought I would give it a try to see what a 
1 GB card. I m afraid I don t know a lot about this technology. I went for economy and I am getting very good quality photos. I think I 
Must have on Windows, if you are a photographer working with Photoshop. Been waiting for the Windows version since I saw the product at PMA on Mac earlier this year. 
Fantastic. I bought this and a yamaha 5840 receiver and am very happy with how XM is integrated with the receiver. I would highly recomment this product if you listen 
Alternate pick to Ipod. I was programming an Ipod for a friend and became interested in buying one for myself. I went to the store to get some info on 
Works just like it should. I ve got an old Ti4600 with VGA and DVI out. This adapter allows me to have dual-monitor at home with ease; the adapter currently 
What A Deal !!!. Good Sound, clear instructions, well priced. Works well with my HD set up.  
IT S DECENT. This is the first spell checker I ve owned. It s a bit onthe large side, and the power button gets stuck alot. I llput in a 
As expected. It comes in the retail packaging and a little clear plastic case which holds both the card and the regular SD adapter. I got it for my LG 
leather computer case. item recieved in a timely manner. The computer case was exactly as displayed. Very satisified in overall purchase.  
Works Perfectly. The device does what it says! Load the software, insert the card and connect your cable to it and you have an instant portable TV as well as 
Nice and comfortable for my laptop. I just received it today and immediately plugged it to my laptop. I m on my bed and I ve been working with it 
Replacing your old cables worth every penny!. If you want to get the very best out of your video equipment, definitely upgrade your cable to Monster cables. We couldn t 
My favorite mouse!. I purchased this mouse to be able to be more mobile. It is small, easy to install, and has great features. This mouse can be turned off 
Great replacement items. Memorex 2-disc DVD cases are great for replacing the cases for damaged or used DVD cases.  
Very Pleased. I was very pleased with this cleaner. It came in a timely manner and it worked. I have had problems with other products to clean my VCR but 
Been using it for 3 years.... and I m still happy! We initially had to get used to the software and the printer setup and yes, you do need some 
Boombox with nice sound. This system was very easy to set up and came with clear, concise instructions for use. The sound is full and satisfying. My only reservations are; 
Makes the 1000 work. We ll until Logitech gets the 1000 remote working like there lower end models this repeater really makes a big difference  
Speaker purchase. We are very happy with our purchase of AudioSource LS100 speakers. Very good quality for the price and our purchase went very smoothly with timely delivery  
Good product for the low price. I purchsed 2 Coby CX-CD250 for our weekend school teachers. The product plays CD and cassette, it is a Convenient tool for our teachers 
Nice product, does what it said and easy to mount. Bought this thing for my new 46 inch Sony LCD. Great TV but the design of the mounting holes was 
Sony DRU820A Internal DVD -RW. This unit works great, I have had no problems at all burning any discs DVD or CD  
Fantastic item! Is a godsend in busy, noisy places. Perhaps the reviewer above should turn up his bass on his mp3 player. I never noticed any huge reduction in bass 
A good fit!. In searching for a HDTV, I was limited to a 37 width constraint by my existing entertainment center. After researching the qualities of LCD,DLP,and plasma, I decided 
Lightweight and easy to use.... The Sony ICD-SX25VTP - 199.99 at Amazon.com and as low as 165.00 with other online merchants listed through Amazon.com is light and compact digital voice 
Plug and Play. A friend gave this to me to use with my itunes, airport express, and stereo. it was literally plug and play. i plugged it into my airport 
Very good. This product works just great, it gives you a very good docking solutionto your iPod.Two things could be even better: instead of giving just one S-VHS output,it could 
Fine paroduct. The product by Canon is a fine workable scanner. The scanner came in fine shape and in a timely manner. The price was right with a discount.  
Again, so far, so great. It really is nice to have an external card on the SP-320 that holds almost 600 pictures instead of the internal card which held less 
Great sound, wiring takes getting used to. When I got my first set of the Sony MDR earbuds, I was impressed with the sound. Good bass, mid and highs. Usually, 
Typical Great Sony Quality. The cable is typically Sony: gold plated, well made and well packaged. Unfortunately it does not work with the two non-Sony mini-AV socketed devices I nededed 
Display. The display should be illuminated. LCD The messages are hard to read.Very good machine for the price.If something should happened to it I would buy again the same model 
mp3 experience made even better. I bought this unit on a whim....I had heard about playing mp3 s thru car stere and this little cassett player really makes my experience 
sounds great but..... this system is perfect if you like loud base and want alot of power out of your speakers. But these speakers aren t as clear as it 
Best Range of any I ve tried. These radios have the best range of any I ve tried. This is my 4th. attempt of finding a radio I liked. The 
Good broduct, bad battery. The sensor is awesome and compatable with the garmin forerunner 305, but came with a dead battery  
Tiny is an understatement!. I just received the Super Stick today, and it works wonderfully. It is an excellent deal for a 1GB flash drive this smalls I paid only 
Works great. So far, I havn t had any problems. The fit and finish looks good. The enclosure is nice and quiet without a fan. I havnt noticed it getting 
My 6 yr old loves it. Thank you so much my 6 yr old loves to play his much and he likes to be able to carry it aroung and 
An excellent screen protector!. Products like this one are by far better than those universal screen protectors that you have to cut to the right size! I was a little 
Keeps my key PC from suffering hard shutdowns. At my house, during rain storms, there will often be a quick flash of the lights as a branch somewhere falls on 
Outstanding!. Easy to install, set-up and use. Full of features and had no problems running Win-Amp and Media Player. A must-have  
For what it is, it s outstanding. After jumping on and then off this system s band wagon about 40 times in the last month, my wife and I finally 
Easy.No problems. Just make sure you buy the right drive for your computer and download the software from Western Digitals website you should have no problems.Very nice  
Awesome buy!. We love these! They sound really good when attached to the computer and awesome when attached to an mp3 player. Good buy  
Decent deal. Well, the cable is pretty strong and has a very decent look and feel. Has a Zunish brown tinge. Initially I had tough time to figure why it 
satisfied customer. This product is made from quality materials and performs as advertised. It was easy to assemble  
What more could you need?. It s a keyboard.. It s key action is light and springy - great for touch-typers.. It s sleak and light and has all the 
Great, but... I have rather large hands, as in most large size gloves don t fit me, and I find that the diameter of the pen could be increased by 
Great product for a great price!. These speakers are super I accidentally put a hole in one of them and it still performs highly. They sound perfect and since they 
Good reliable replacement mouse. This has performed flawlessly for me. It was purchased as a replacement for a OEM mouse without a scroll wheel. Works with both PC and MAC. 
Terk Satellite Radio Outdoor Home Mount Antenna Works Well. I ve mounted this Antenna on my roof and hooked it up to a repeater in my third-story attic using coaxial 
Great for the money. First the good.The feedback is strong and prescise. Very smooth steering and it will immerse you into the game. NFS Most Wanted and GTR 2 are 
Plenty with PNY 2.0GB. This PNY 2.0GB card has proven to be plenty as a digital camera card. We purchased the 2 gig card for my wife s Canon Powershot 
Works Great. Bought this antenna last year after we went through Hurricane Wilma, and lost cable for over 2 weeks. Worked great.  
Heavy Duty. I just purchased my second pair of Atrium 45 s to add some sound to a patio addition. My first pair is 2.5 years old and still sound 
Good Keyboard. Really glad I bought this make and model. Shopped others and did not like the looks or ease of playing. This model doesn t sound tinny . Really 
Works better than original. For some reason my original connector stopped transmitting the data to my PC. Not only did this one work fine, but it s a lot easier 
good purchase. couldn t find a boombox that was lightweight but sounded good and had mp3playback. It is fine, does everything I expected. It gets more useage than my hi 
Excellent drive. Got this drive a few weeks ago for an Apple Power Mac G4 Cube.The G4 Cube has no fan so drive noise can be very obvious.Thought the original 
Christmas gift for daughter. Gave the GPS to my dauhter, she has started running. She said it is very accurate, easy to operate, and can see it at a glance, 
Worth every penny... This palmpack card is worth every penny. I bought it mainly for travelling. We live in Europe and do a lot of long drives so this definitely 
Excellent Design, Great Features, Fun & Practical. The pen is stylish and ergonomic. It is a little bigger than a regular pen but not too big to carry in a 
UPS works great. This unit set up great. I am using it to backup my DVR and HDTV box. These components wipe out various settings whenever there is the slightest 
Excellent for 15 inch LCD. I bought this to hang a 15 inch LCD and it is perfect for it....easy to install and even easier to hang TV...Looks fine, works 
Notebook Case. Great product. Love all the compartments and that it s easy for me to handle. I m handicapped, so ease in use is a big plus. The delivery 
Very nice!. For this price these are a steal! Purchased mine for 15 with shipping and let me tell you, it was worth it! The headphones come with a 1 
A great Reader. I have multiple cameras, and one of my favorite features is that this reader can support multiple types of cards plugged in at one time. If you 
Excellente product. This is an amazing product that has pushed me to exercise at another level. Easy to use, tried with old NB shoes and new Nike shoes. I did 
Best Way for Improved Performance. Just by purchasing this memory module, I can see a small but significant improvement with almost all memory-intensive programs on my Dell laptop. Even those 
very good. these are very good for dvd or cd storage. very inexpensive and very good quality. people who complain below have fat fingers, thats why they break the cases 
top class. simply top class. enjoy the picture. its there to take care of all your region worries. its worth all the money  
Ideal Settings. Would anyone be willing to share the settings they have found to yield the best results? I bought this product, but I am still trying to figure out 
great tv. We have had this tv since November 2005 and have really enjoyed it. We had it delivered via the amazon delivery option. The delivery guys unboxed it outside 
Good monitor. 1. Of course good value2. For Apple, it s an awsome monitor. The DVI port is perfect, great replication of what you see on your laptop if you 
Great sound for the price. These headphones have great sound for under 20.00. Im very glad I bought these. They seem durable and well made as well. I would definitely 
GREAT HEADPHONES. I got these for my mp3 player because the ones that came with it were terrible and broke soon after I got them. But these headphones were terrific! 
Easy all around. It requires absolutely no technical skill to set up and use the Fast Track. I simply plugged my guitar into the Fast Track, then plugged the Fast 
Palm TX Clear touch Anti-Glare Screen Protector. I have recently purchased this product from Boxwave, and I think it s an excellent product. It did exactly what it was advertised 
Nifty and classy cd storage. I first saw these cd holders on one of those organization shows on television, but looked for them in vain in office supply stores. They 
Storm Alert Radio Jensen MR-600 . The item works perfectly if you do not place it near other mechanical devices, i.e. TV, air purifier, elec. clock, etc. Fortunately it hasn 
works fine for me. Makes my DVD player surround sound. Sounds great and amazon s price you cannot beat. For some reason they have no picture though. Goto [...] for 
Very Good Product for the . The DVD Express 2.0 worked the first time I tried it. It always helps to have a little knowledge of computers as most who 
Oskar Multimedia Wood Stge. cabinet worth it s wgt in Gold. Wow, this was one heavy box, but I got it in the door by tipping it over end by 
Best Alpine I have owned to date. I bought the new double din for my 2002 Ford Explorer, and it fit perfect without any modifications. I live in Vegas and 
Ink Use Explained. Everyone complains about the ink use and it drives me nuts. Epsons have the best quality and horrible ink use because for the same reason, piezoelectric technology.Every 
It s paper!. I use this size paper for stained glass patterns. It suits my needs well  
Best DVI KVM available although not perfect. Hello,I recently purchased this Avocent Switchview 4 Port DVI KVM switch and I am happy to say that it meets most of my 
Top-of-the-line graphics. You can t get any better. What can you say about this card? It is sort of like reviewing a Ferrari. Those who know what they are getting 
The perfect mouse for me!. I bought this mouse about three months ago, and I love it. It works on every surface, and the scroller works well too. The only 
Best plasma tv. I ve had the tv for about 4 months now and I couldn t be more satisfied.The picture is great and for those people who are worried 
No too stinky anymore - good deal. I suspect the inventory has been sitting around long enough now so that the odor complained of previously has greatly lessened. Only when 
Great at any price!!. I have had more than a few CBs over the years, including some very expensive single side bands. This little Midland performs at least as well, 
Samsung SyncMaster 941BW 19 LCD Monitor- Black. 15pin D-sub worked better than the DVI Digital Link... use the 15pin D-sub to connect to pc.good color and sizethe lib in the 
Nice Drive. Super nice HD so far. I bought the 250gb from JR, and arrived two days after ordering it. Plugged it into my notebook and was backing up my 
Wow!. This earbuds are the best I have ever used. Great sound quality. I would definately recommend them  
Good experience. Item works perfectly fine. A little slow on the shipping, so I suggest getting the faster shipping with the purchase of your item. My experience could not have 
Works great for me!. After going through the reviews, I bought this CF card for my Canon Digital Rebel. So far it has worked fine, though I don t pretend 
They re OK. Just a note to those who ve been having trouble opening these cases, without breaking them. If you use an emory board to slightly sand the top 
Extremely well made. This product only reinforces the earlier versions of itself with the 1 and 2 gig versions. I feel it is even better well made than the 2 
Awesome little machine. I have had my U2 for nearly a year and use it primarily when I ride my bicycle and hiking so it gets banged around a bit. 
Always Be Prepared. We bought everyone in the family one of these for Christmas. Wind it up and power away. The cell phone charger converters that come with it do 
Works like a charm!. We recently took a driving trip from Chicago to Key West making numerous stops in between, including metro Atlanta. I was able to load a significant 
Excellent purchase ... The initial flash card that came with my camera was far too short to save pictures. When I went surfing for another flash card with some depth, 
Finally, A Rechargeable Battery Which Doesn t Go Flat Waiting. My biggest problem with rechargeable batteries for the many years I have been using them is that they normally loose 
Awesome!!!. One word experince is Awesome.It has some quirks, hangs up periodically, have to force it close and open again, then works. Dont know why that happens. Maybe it is 
The real deal -. - for much less than at the store! Who could ask for more?  
Perfect for a novice, or anyone else. I purchased this printer for my wife along with her first digital camera. She is a complete techno novice. She has never used 
More expensive but worth it. I was reluctant to spend this much money on a humidifier, but it has been well worth it. This product works great. It is quiet 
Great product at an excellent price. Since using this product i ve seen an increase in performance in my digital camera in terms of response time when taking a 5mp 
A good compromise. I notice a much better picture with these cables vs. the component set that came with my DVD player. Those had little shielding and lacked gold connectors. 
Simple yet effective. This seemingly simple piece of molded plastic was recommended to me by a professional photographer. Basically it s the shape of an open box that slides firmly 
Great System!!. I bought this system to used in my infant sons room. It s wonderful. My older kids teens are all jealous. Its very nice looking, high quality, and 
Fantastic Surround Imaging with Stunning Clarity and PUNCH!. THE REVIEWER: I am a composer, live sound reinforcement engineer and own my own recording studio in the Dallas area. I am 
Look no further... This is the best 32 HDTV on the market. I did not however purchase it from Amazon.com, simply because my local electronics store could match Amazon s 
Is this really a problem???. This is a great product! YES, it s true that - if you aren t patient and apply it to the surface slowly working from 
Worked great for me. OK - here s what you get:1 power supply brick1 iPod dock1 3-foot cable to connect power supply brick and dock1 3-foot cable to connect dock 
Great Product. After going through more than ten different manufactures of DVD R media I have to say I have had the best results with these. Close to 100 burn 
good value. A great value compared to individual purchases of contained items. You still occasionally need to buy a particular color cartridge as they don t run out at the 
A great deal!. It was easy to assemble, the lights are good and don t get too hot. The quality of my pictures has improved 100  
Great DVD player for kids. System is rugged, great quality features accessories, good battery life. My kid has put this through the wringer already and its working great. She even 
HD TV WITHOUT BOX. This is a great TV. Bought after looking around for months. Receive HDTV signals, about a dozen without cable box. The number will continue to rise, 
Great System. I just recieved this for my birthday I love it. At first when I hooked up my zen I got a buzzing noise out of the speakers while 
USB GPS Reciver with Linux support. Great little GPS unit -- good bang for the buck, especially for the Linux user.I surfed and checked out a number of USB GPS 
Finally!!!. This adapter works PERFECTLY with my Garmin eTrex Legend GPSr! I have tried many others with no success and was about ready to concede defeat, but thank goodness for 
Fast and reliable. I ve used many brands of CF card, and some others are slow and sketchy--seem to need reformatting way too often. These SanDisk Ultra cards, however, are 
Good, simple protection. This skin is thick, and protects well with its extra thick bumpers. The silicone-like material feels high quality. I use it on my Ipod Photo 60GB without 
Great product. Product works great, fits nicely in my hand, but I do have small hands. Battery life not that long though. Otherwise worth the money  
Great little radio but cheaper from Target. I bought this radio a few days ago and I m very happy with it, the reception is great. I get a good 
Excellent choice. This case is super durable and sits very nice on a book shelf. Great portability too with its sturdy handle  
Perfect for me!. I received regular wired speakers for Christmas, but they drove me crazy because my laptop would have to sit attached to them in order to work. I 
Coby CVH32 Slim Lightweight Stereo HP. This is a good set of headphones with good sound and good quality. I recommend the  
Great Value. We used this receiver as FM music for our office. We matched it with BOSE speakers. The sound is fine and for the price of the Sherwood, I 
NANO rocks. Great battery life, easy to use, all around good. The only minus is the dependency on ITunes  
Audiophile s review these are superb for the price. I own a high end speaker system and i can tell when i hear decent sound. I like to hear the 
Excellant Quality And Ease of Use. I purchased the Sony DRX830UL T External DVD burner after reading reviews and comtemplating what I wanted from a burner. I know I wanted 
Great for the money, but needs lower volume level setting. For just a little more than a toy keyboard you can get something that really works. This keyboard can do 
Better to pay for the name brand this time. These batteries last a long time. Cheaper batteries won t hold a charge after repeated use charging. I have AA Energizer 
Archos Helmet Cam. The helmet cam work well and interfaced easily to my Archos 404. The helmet cam mounting band was useless as it was too short to fit even 
everything i want in portability. this player makes each dvd seem like an actual movie in the theater.there s nothing lacking in either audio or video  
Great Medium Sized Microphone. This is a great microphone. It has great sound when used with my Sony MZ-RH1-Hi-MD Field Recorder. It picked up conversations in a large conference room 
Great Performances. The product performs great. It produces quality sound and offers excellent value for its price point. The stereo does everything the manufacturer claims and it meets all my 
Excellent SD card. I use this card in my Palm TX pda and have it filled with mp3 music and in almost two months have had no problems with it. 
Works for me. I have been using CF card now for a while in my Nikon d-200. I have been very pleased with its response time. In multi shot mode 
Very good for the price. If you re looking for speakers to flood your patio with nice background sound without raising the ire of your neighbors, the Audio Source LS400 
Never had a probolem, works great. I have used over 100 of the dics to burn movies and otehr files and have never had a problem with the quiait. they 
Great TV. This was the first HDTV I bought, and I am very happy with my purchase. I use this TV to play Xbox360 and watch HD-DVD s with the 
Excellent choice. Have had no complaints from the customer on this product - seems to be very pleased with the car  
Stylee Laptop Bag. I must say I was quite surprised by how amazing this bag is. It holds my laptop tightly with a nice, wide elastic Velcro-secured strap. The computer 
Excellent Personal Laser for Business or Home. We have these on all of our executives desks at work, so the can print documents confidentially. They look nice, have a small 
Perfect for Me!. I purchased the Memorex 512 MB Flyer to keep mp3 s on to listen at work and to transfer files when needed. The drive has been trouble 
Works great with my Panasonic plasma TV. I recently bought the Panasonic 37 plasma TH-37PX60U and was crestfallen to find that my DVDs looked poor on it lackluster colors, not 
Big difference over standard cables. It is amazing what a good Monster cable can do to your sound quality. I should have bought this a long time ago.  
speaker selector does the job. I m highly pleased with the utility of the monster speaker selector. Connections are easy, logical, and the sound does not appear degraded at all. 
ENJOYING THIS KEYBOARD. I m not a serious piano player, just casual. Don t have room for a piano, so this serves my purposes. I just want to entertain myself. 
Great Speed Increases. I own a Panasonic DMC-LX1 and was using a 1 GB generic Viking card I bought in the UK. I bought the SanDisk 2 GB Extreme III 
Better Than You Can Imagine. This is a great portable table for a laptop. I take it whenever I travel, as well as use it at home on a regular 
Exact Answer To My Need - A very solid performer. I needed a solution to the hassle of switching out optical links from my CD PLayer, DirecTV HD, and PS3. 
Works fine. This does what it is suppose to do. Works well in low light also. Price is reasonable also  
A Best Buy . Really excellent drive for the price. Fast, and installation was a no-brainer. Highly recommended  
I hear things. Which is exactly what you d expect from a shotgun mic. I m still very very impressed by just how well it works. Good stuff  
It does the job. I have a Toshiba Satellite Laptop with S-Video output, and I wanted to watch downloaded DivX videos on my big screen TV set, this adapter does 
works great!. This thing is great. When I plug it into the power socket, the power comes out the other end! It s like magic  
Great for MS Flight Simulator. The bundle software is good. The pedals works great to control your rudder in MS Flight Simulator 2004  
Works like a charm. I bought this for my new Sharpe EDTV LCD panel TV. I don t have cable and we were getting horrible reception. I bought this Terk 
Solid mounting solution. First off, I would note that the other review of this item refers to a different version of this product which incorporates an FM transmitter for your 
Traveling with Pepper. It was great to take a weekend trip - through airports - without my laptop. With my Pepper Pad I had sufficient email and internet access to 
this is a great device. I carry it everywhere.. usually. Its FAST, and 100 reliable. In the sixish months that I ve owned it I ve had zero-problems with it. 
Possibly the best external enclosure available. I did a lot of research before I decided to purchase the Nexstar3 and I am very pleased with my decision. Drive installation is 
Pretty Good. It s a pretty good drive. One of the only complaints I had was that it came with a 6 in. cable. After being on hold for forever 
good product. Using a sony burner. So far good on 5 out of 5 DL burns. Gave it 4 stars because I still do not know how well it will 
Excellent product, lack of accessories. This is a great product. Most features are easy to use. The instruction manual is inadequate and not clear on some points, so you may 
Good quality - good price. These are the basic clear cd and or dvd SLIM JEWEL CASES that you are looking for. They are not as easily breakable as other 
Logitech Harmony 688. I got this remote based on my experience with the Harmony 880 that I have for my family room system. The 688 is being used in the 
Extremely pleased. Everytime I ve purchased any Canon ink cartridge, and I ve purchased well over a hundred bargain brand s and Canon s, I ve been extremely pleased with:o 
AWESOME bass, not comfortable... I struggled between this and the shure e2c. I decided on the e2c, after comparing also with the etymotics r6i and the ultimate ears superfi3. This 
Good and soft !. I bought one for my wife and one for myself in December 2006. It does what is suppose to. We both use an optical mouse and 
Almost perfect mp3. Its relly good but the price its a litle to high in comparison to others MP3 players. But have a good radio and microphone  
great service. I found the service fast and the product great. It was a very good price. Thanks, I will use your service again  
Works OK, but don t expect too much. The pen scanner works fine in contrainted environment. The constraints are: the room must be not too dark and not too bright. 
1GB Xd picture card Type H. I am very pleased with my purchase of the picture card. It is excellent! And i even got it for the lowest price that 
Good buy. I really like this radio the only drawback it does not have the correct plug for the Motorola Razor for chargin  
It just works. It is inexpensive and works. My daughters CD maching kept getting error messages. Popped this in, cleand the lens and no longer get error messages. What more 
Perfect for organize your routers. This wall mount resolve many problem of space for me... Nice product :  
On the Contract. If you buy this service plan, print out the contract found at the top of this page and keep your receipt. I did not purchase the plan, 
TDK CD-Rs. This media has always worked for me and these discs hold up after years of extensive use. TDK was always one of my favorite cassette tapes and now 
Well made....for a specific storage need. These were different than what I had read about or expected.I found that removing the discs a bit awkward...requiring that fingers touch the recorded 
Super 3-in-1 Canon Printer. I am very happy and satisfied with my new Canon MP460 3-in-1 Printer since my friend and I got the cable plugged in the correct place 
So many pockets, Loads of Space, Wide Straps Too Wide . This bag has an excellent array of pockets with loads of space. Highly robust construction along with well designed 
Great for music, but what did she say?. Having owned this system now for a couple of years I have had my ups and downs but overall I am pretty 
Best Little GPS. This small GPS receiver is the same length and width as my USB flash drive and about twice as thick. But despite the small size, this unit 
Best brand available. Maxell is the best brand of audio tape. I have never had a failure and I use these extensively  
great pictures. We really enjoy being able to print the pictures we like at home and have access immediately  
neat little thing. i love it. it totally protects my ipod and ive had so many people ask me how on earth i got a pink ipod. anyway. yeah. buy 
Great keyboard for the price. I have been playing piano for about 33 years and this is my first electric keyboard. I purchased it because my piano is currently in 
Performance of DVP642-----DVD PLAYER. THIS LITTLE PLAYER PERFORMS EXCELLENTLY-----THE REMOTE TAKES A LOT OFGETTING THE FEEL OF IT, IF YOU ARE IN THE DARK.USE THE FORMALA AND IT TURNS INTO 
Samsung YX-M1Z Helix XM2go. Great item! My only concern is the battery life could be better but it works and does a great job. A bit pricey  
Great product!. I like this mp3 player alot. It s easy to handle and is lightweight. The scroll is nice, but I do wish that it had a stop buttons 
Pretty good. If you only want to watch movies, I would reccomend something a little but bigger. Screen is hard to see. Ok for the price though. Video game part 
Great quality. I have had this controller for just about two years and have had no technical issues with it at all. I never installed any software for it, I 
Excellent Monitor. This monitor is one of the best I ve ever seen. It works perfectly. The picture is wonderful. The controls are great on the monitor. This is my 
Awesome. I d been using wireless for gaming for the past 3 months and always had lag problems even if the latency said it was around 50. I got the 
Simple Product. Works Well... The product does exactly as you would expect. The drivers installed easily on WinXP haven t tried Vista yet , and it s compatible with both 
About time...a multifunction where everything works well. After a few years with an HP7130 multifunction that was seriously beginning to fall apart, I began looking for a replacement. I Checked 
Great Value. I was replacing a 7yr old Denon unit which was rated highly in its time, and served me extremely well. However, I felt the unit was losing some 
More than I expected. Works great, looks great, no problems. 22 monitor for this price? More than I expected!  
A great router. I did quite a bit of research before deciding to purchase this router and I haven t regretted the decision.Initially, I had a problem where the router 
Good buy. I ve been using one of these for my mp3 collection for about a year and a half. It really is quiet and is so far dependable knock 
Viking is Superb !!!!. I own 3 compact flash cards by viking and bought them in this order, 128Mb, 256Mb, and recently 2Gb. I have never had any problems with 
Great cable for recording... I use this cable in my home studio to record vocals and it works great. The sound quality is very clear and I would definitely recommend 
TV. Very happy with the TV. Good color, good picture and fits on the wall so it does not take space inthe room. Price with free shipping saved me at 
over all abilty. these headphones have crisp clean sound with a nice design very comfortable and light weight.they can withstand a large amount of power and still have the same 
Razer HP-1 Barracuda 8-Channel Gaming Headphones. I have to tell you I really love the sound and the comfort, but after only a few uses the support strap was pulled 
Fills the Bill. Raising the level of port from 1.1 - 2.0 is what the product promises is what the product promises and that is what it delivers. It was 
Keeps cool. I use the external hard drive at work to keep a backup of my data and store large files that will not fit on my computers smaller and 
NuLOOQ-Excellent!. Logitech scored a big plus with this item. The important thing is that you really need the processing power for the device to run properly. The first review is 
Very good product. Of all the computer cases I ve seen and purchased, this one offers the most effecient use of space. I ve had problems with the expanding and 
Works great, very fast. Highly recommended!. The USB link is easy to use, and is the link to buy if you ve got USB ports. While you can t transfer 
Very Satisfied. Fast shipment and merchandise in very good condition. I am verysatisfied  
Best one out there. THis is a great drive for your money if you use Mac, Windows, and Linux. I use all of them and it works great, I do 
A good headphone with decent sound. I primarily use this unit while walking out side during lunch break. Hence the review is based on the usage nature of the headphone.Good1. 
A great combo with a cheap price. I went to Com USA to buy Links and the price was double than this ones. Netgear is built a best stuff. I 
recommended w reservations. my use is to record our non-pro choral rehearsals and our own concerts. The sound quality is quite good and obviously better than that of DM-10 that 
BIG BOOSTER IN PERFORMANCE. For my Garmin Streetpilot 7200, which I could not or did not want to mount on the dashboard of my vehicle, this antenna gave me a 
It is what it is. For those who expect true 5.1 Dolby Surround out of the Bose 3-2-1 system, please look elsewhere. This unit does well in projecting sound when 
awsome product. i recently purchased a Western Digital 80 gb hard drive through Amazon, and am well pleased with my purchase. The transaction was great and everything went smoothly. I 
Works great. I was a little worried when before I bought this product, but it working just great so far. It was easy to set up and I couldn t 
Excellent item.......I highly recommend it!!!. Hi,Hey, don t run to the repair shop just yet and don t kick that DVP DVR to the curb too soon.......help is on the 
WALL PLUG ETHERNET. IT TOOK 10 MIN TO SET UP AND WORKED FIRST TIME IN AN AREA WHERE WIRELESS ETHERNET COULD NOT REACH. GOOD PRODUCT  
Good, but short cable. The cable could and should be about 2 feet longer. It s too short and it s difficult to connect to a ground electrical outlet and 
okay. The skin with beltclip is very nice especially if you slip a clear piece of plastic over the screen, since the skin doesn t come with one . I 
good. though i was concerned about the price and brand,i made a trial.its good.loud enough and easy to carry.no hassled with wire  
Good. I thought this back is just black and normal design.However, My friend said it look good.and this back is strong and capacity is really big.I did not find any 
Better than my old Belkin model. It s speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This 
it s work best on aspire 5670. it s work best on aspire 5670 with the Cables To Go 6FT BI-DIRECTIONAL SVIDEO CABLE 27964 for videohight quality and long inu 
GOOD!!!. my only gripe is that it is kind of a pain to clean when your ears are dirt  
Sony DVPNC85H B 5-Disc HDMI DVD SA-CD CD Changer. Have only used it a few times, but appears to play DVDs, CDs and MP3 music recorded to compact disc okay. 
This polish is the best!!. I hva tried alll kinds of stuff on the iPod, and this is th eonly one that got rid of all the scratches. Thanks for 
Taiyo Yuden 8x 4.7GB DVD. I ve tried memorex and a host of other dvd media. Taiyo Yuden has yet to produce a coaster for me, and I have copied 
Very Nice Player. I think this is a very nice MP3 player. I received it for Christmas, yet I know how much it was purchased for. It is a very 
absolutly capital. the one gig sd card works better than i thougt it would. it is by far the cheapest one i ve ever found and i ll probably get 
Best HD PVR Available. I took the plunge and bought an HD TV. Of course, this means replacing everything else PVR, DVD, etc. . The Series3 is a quality product 
better than Belkin. I bought this and a belkin Skype phone, both are working, but Belkin always lost the connection with a secure wep wireless.  
A step above typical GMRS FRS. While I haven t used these radios as extensively as our previous 1 watt models I can say the following with some level of 
automatic CD repair system. This is a very good product! Instructions are very clear andeasy to follow. I was able to repair 6 CDs with minor scratches.  
Excellent value. This is an excellent value. Very good quality output. We re still enjoying the cartridge  
Good product!. dont work well in latin america,only works perfect in USA, because it have all the maps of US soil! but it do the job here in Panama Rep 
great ipod for exercise. I would give this 5 stars but for a few things:- the included earbuds are uncomfortable and fall out of my ears duringexercise- syncing is sometimes 
GREAT PRODUCT---GREAT STATION. I got XM with my new Honda few years back and loved it. I wanted something portable to take to beach and around...so I didn t miss 
Review of LS 3700 Karaoke. My daughter is very pleased with the karoke. It is easy to operate as well and appears to be more reliable than most other karoke 
Love this flash card... I usually purchase Lexar cards for my 20D. The sandisk was a better price so I decided to try it. It is fast with its write 
Great Remote for the Motor Impaired. I got two of these for relatives that were having problems operating complicated remotes with tiny buttons. The BIG easy-to-push buttons on this remote 
Logitech V250 - Excellent Product for an Affordable Price. There are very few cordless numeric pads out there that can be used with your computer. When I found the Logitech 
A good portable DVD. Overall I find this unit to be very good. I also agree with most of the other reviews. However I wanted to add a con not 
Super Reliable, Affordable desktop workhorse. I have bought this for about 8pp in my office for their Black and White desktop printer. So far NOT ONE problem. The toner is 
Best Deal on Amazon. I would only use genuine Epson Ink for my 2200 and when Amazon has them on sale with free shipping- it is really a great deal 
Acer 22 Black is a winner. Installation time was only about 20 min. Hook up the Digital and analog cables, and it configures itself. It took me a while to 
Fantastic piece of kit. What an amazing product for such a small price. It works right out of the box, but to get full functionality you need to install the 
Tivo HD Video Recorder and Wireless Tivo Connection. Very easy to set up with the Tivo wireless connection to my Linksys B network. I ll probably want to migrate to 
Does everything it should. I use my USB hub every day and it works fine with every device I plug into it  
Everyone with a Video iPod should have!. I don t why Apple does t send this with every iPod, the TV shows look great on my TV  
BUY THIS!. After over a dozen different types of headphones used over the years with casette, cd, even the PC when I want to feel the gunshot from an alian 
Home Theatre Enthusiast. You shouldn t have any doubt in your mind about buying these superb video cables. They provide the highest quality picture on your tv. Since there are 
Good basic CB radio. This is a pretty good CB for a basic rig in it s price class. If all you are looking for is a no-frills CB for 
Works like it should. I believe that this is a superior product and it worked as it should  
Quality Headphones For The Money. I m very happy with these--they sound great and are comfortable and durable, and I love the color I ordered the green ones . I 
Very comfortable--solid sound. My list of headphones needs was very specific and narrow: A lightweight, really comfortable set with solid range of sound. These headphones met my criteria and I 
DVD review. Works well. Only 2 minor issues: First is the buttons on the front of the player are not clear re: stop, play, ect. which in the dark while 
One of the BEST Printer WE ever Using. The Quality of HP once again Confirming our TRUST with HP Products. The Quality and Quitness while Printing is AMAZING. We all 
I Like it. It s bigger than I had imagined, and I needed to brace it on the side by putting a pad between the printer and the wall to 
Items as described.. fast shipping. A . Product works fine, able to configure keyboard shortcut key for this KVM  
Looking for a quality set of headphones for less than 20? You ve found the best!. I needed a pair of headphones for work. Didn t want the hassle of 
Nice, neat little package. When i first plugged the Zalmans into my system i was a little confused with the 3 leads as i have a Sound Blaster Audigy card 
Great for storing those DVD s!!!. Everyone so far is right. This is a great product to store your dvd s. You do have to trim the covers to fit. 
Works fine - good value. I bought the remote primarily for the RF feature. I keep my cable box with my stereo components and modulate the output so I can 
tape player. I like this little tape recorder.I use it for listening to books on tape while I work.The only thing I don t like about it is that it 
Excellent Quality Sound, but a lower NR than expected. These earplugs are designed to provide good quality sound at reduced volume. It does not provide as much noise reduction as 
Good Product. Very good product. Small, easy to store. Well worth the very reasonable price  
Great product - just buy it elsewhere!. Great product! Don t waste your time waiting for Amazon to fulfill your order - buy direct from OneCall  
 So much capacity for photos AND videos . The 1gb holds soooo many pictures and videos! This is so compact and my pictures are downloaded, quickly! Buy it, you 
Incredible. This is the best printer I have ever owned. I still use a lower tech printer for simple text based routine stuff, but when I need to tweak things 
good headphones, wrong color. I also was sent black instead of green. Why even offer green if you will be sending black!? These were for a gift so I did 
Great jump drive. This drive has never had a problem. It is sheek and stylish. The data encriptor is very helpfu  
Altec Lansing IM510 Speaker System For e200 Series Sandisk Sansa. I bought this to take on vacation in a couple of weeks and couldn t be more pleased with it 
Excellent Product. This product complements my Dell M1210 perfectly. The dimensions are perfect for any 12 inch laptops. I love the added features and the choice of using an external 
Easy to install. We found this radio to be very easy to install. There was no measuring - the included template worked like a charm. The adjustable install height also 
Great product. I bought this memory card for my camera sd500. At first, I was very dispointed when I only see 1gb on my laptop. After googled around, I realized 
smaller than it looks. The FS608 I received from Amazon was not the older larger model pictured to my great relief, since I am tight on space . The new 
memory card reader. This memory card reader worked like a charm for me. We ve used both SD and Sony memory sticks in it with absolutely no problems  
Excellent sound, easy to use, compact. My wife and I bought this unit for background music in the kitchen. We ve been delighted with it.For what it s worth, I 
This is it! This is what you should buy!. Okay... I m not the hippest kid on the block. I d had the same CD player that I d bought 
photo scanner. The industry has come a long way from the days when I first used a scanner. Thie HP Scanjet 4370 continually amazes me with its capacity to do 
Great Bargain!. I purchased this receiver and paired it with a set of Jensen JHT525 5.1 Home Theater Speaker System 60 . It sound great! The power of this receiver 
Excellent CD-RW. It is an excellent product, easy to install, really powerful, the only minus is the burner software, if you have or you can purchase Nero or CDRWin then 
Nice but not as good as Delphi car kit. The Inno is by far a superior product to the Delphi XM 2 Go unit. There is one drawback to this 
Sweet !. I had read many reviews by many customers of a variety of headphones. I was leary of hi and low-end products. I sought the mid-range. Its kinda unknown 
Great protection for 5th generation ipods. This skin fits my new 30gb ipod like a glove. I hadn t even taken the plastic off of my ipod and it fit 
As Intended. Memory added to my computer and works as intended. My question would be: Is Kingston memory slower than other companies as I have heard  
Targus TCG400. WOW! I love this bag! It has plenty of room for my laptop accessories, and it has a strong amount of padding. This bag is so super! I 
Excellent clock, good radio. When I received it I read the quick set up and plugged it in and within 5 monutes everything was running. The digits on the clock 
Worth the . Sound quality is very good and they do have noise canceling properties. Would definitely buy again  
I don t have this cable either. I originally wrote this as a comment below, but you won t get to read it unless you go digging, so i am 
Kapow!!!. Works great in my Canon sd800 IS. Keeps up with the 640x480 30fps video just fine and I like the little USB Micromate. It took a long time to 
Excellent choice for the price. This AM FM radio has analog tuning, thus no presets. Also, it is definitely less sensitive than my expensive clock radio. However, the little speaker 
Great Printer for wireless network setup. I have been using this printer for over 2 months now, and I have to say that I am very impressed with it. The 
Works Well. This cable works as advertised. 4 stars because I just got it and don t know how it will perform in the long-term, but my guess is that 
Excellent radio for the price!. Overall I highly recommend this radio if you want to tune into exotic and far-away radio stations. The synchronous detection circuit helps reduce signal fade 
Digital Innovations 60101 Motorized Disc Cleaner. works better than i expected. cleaned n repaired discs that didnt work before.thank  
Nice all around!!. I had to find some comfortable in-ear phones when i bought my ipod, because the stock ones apple sends just hurt too much. I tried many different 
works great. This item works wonderfully for my 2 gen ipod. This plug fits snuggly into the lighter and is very flush with the dashboard allowing me to still use 
My favorite trackball. I have had a strong preference for a trackball over a mouse ever since trackballs first became available because, unlike a mouse, a trackball requires very little 
Great Buy. Works great with the Sansa. I still don t like the forward and back buttons on the Sansa but that s not the iTrips fault. Well worth the 
Perfect. This item is perfect for my sidekick 3, holds so many pictures and song  
Great little product. Graphics tablets are excellent tools for use with programs like Photoshop, and the Graphire tablet is pretty much universally recognized as an excellent value. It does, however, 
very handy. I purchased this swivel stand for my TV in the bedroom. It is nice when I need to turn my TV towards my Elliptical machine to watch my 
Midland GXT500VP4 5 Watt 22 Channel GMRS Value Pack with Up to 14 Mile Range, with Charger, Rechargeable Batteries, 2 Headsets. This radios are very good. I have tried them 
Pretty Cool. I just purchased an Hp notebook and needed a little volume boost. This product provided that at a good value. Its not earth-shaking sound, but for the basics 
Great Wireless Mouse. Use this mouse every day for over 2 months. I ve never had to reset it, and I find it to be very accurate. Battery life seems 
Better Than Any 100 Plus Earbuds - Made For Ipod. I have spent in excess of 400 trying to find the right earbuds that have great bass. These headphones are 
First impression: they seem decent for the very low price. I haven t actually used them yet but these are my impressions. They re decent but I don t know 
Pretty useful product. You will appreciate this product only if you don t have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, 
Everything I was looking for!. I am very pleased with this item. It is fits comfortably, holds my CD player snugly and has room for my ID, keys, extra batteries 
It s great to organize your CDs at home. This product is a great buy for a very low price you get great organization a protection for your CDs. I 
Great protection for MacBook. A great product - snug fit on the laptop, and appears to be a part of the laptop itself. Difficult to remove, but no real reason 
Works fine so far. I bought it 4 months ago and it works fine so far. It is also small and easy to carry. Nothing to complain about  
Great multi-format player!!. The player is small and since it s ultra portable for its size, it s easy to carry around. The added personal wallpapers fits perfectly while managing 
Excellant disc case @ a good price!. The case was just a bit less rigid than I expected, but nonetheless a good quality product. Has served me well so far 
4.5 stars. I purchased this radio primarily for shortwave use about a week ago from Radioshack for 50, and it is my first. Other reviews are consistent with its performance 
Wonderful !!!. I bought this cable gateway to replace the NetGear cable modem supplied by my internet provider. The NetGear would not allow access to everything on the web, and 
S-video splitter. I needed to have an s-video feed from my classroom computer to a projector and to a TV Monitor. This proved to be the most cost-effective solution to 
Handy radio. Excellent reception, good sound quality and volume. FYI there s no separate on-off switch; to turn the radio off you turn the volume knob all the way down 
Chill Hub. Outstanding product! Keeps the laptop cool plus the added benefit of having 4 USB ports  
Digital Memory Card. I was impressed with the quality of pictures I got with this memory card. I have a very inexpensive camera but the pictures are terrific  
one of the best!. I have been using this transmitter with my IPOD photo for a few days. This stuff work flawlessly and the transmission was strong enough. I tune 
Not a bad budget option. While not totally cutting out all sound, this value option works well and is comfortable to wear. It does lower the volume in an airplane 
Great sounding small speakers. I was looking for some smaller speakers that did not suffer from too much boom for bass and shrill or harsh sounding highs. The M-Audio s 
Great non-gamer card!. Nice inexpensive video card which has given me everything I expected and more. No, it s not the hottest card available by any means, but is perfect 
Toshiba HD-XA2 HD-DVD Player. This player maintains the smoothest picture regardless of how fast the action is of any machine I ve seen. I would credit this to the VC-1 
This shredder is better than advertised. I have burned through three shredders. Each time buying a higher capacity model. I have finally found a shredder that can keep up with 
Canon PIXMA Pro9000 Photo Printer. its pretty large. It takes up 1 2 of my desk. I can t wait for USB wireless to come out later this year so 
Wojnderfully Comfortable Earbuds. Omigod!The reviews from CNET and others are spot on!The buds that came with my Samsa e260 were far too big and hurt to wear.These are perfect!Deep Velvet 
Wacom is AWESOME!. I ve been using the new Wacom Tablet for about 2 months now, and am very impressed.I do lots of masking and drawing on very large images. 
I love it. I have the 60GB black video iPod and it s awesome. Sleek, well-designed, sexy and built like a little tank. I love iTunes, and the latest version 
The truth about Franklin SCD-1870 Speaking 11th Collegiate Dictionary. i had mix feeling about this dictionary, bad news first....the dictionary is slow, compared to most hand held electronics today it 
You have to pay this much just to get a reliable alarm clock, which this one is. How good an alarm clock is basically comes down to this: When you 
computer. recent upgrade to my system chose this case due to space and design with all the fans running cools both system and user. easy feature of top usb slots 
Magellan 2000. The Magellan Roadmate 2000 is a great value for the price. It is packed with features, easy to use and ready to go out of the box. The 
Good product. These speaker connectors are very nice for small speakers I have a Sony 5.1 package . I m using these with the 16 gauage wire from Monster Cable 
Great for notebook computer. It is very small, but comfortable to use. I don t have really big hands so I don t know how a man would feel. I 
good but not perfect. A good product that would be better if it could record at a greater distance. Some background hissing noise noticed.  
macho man desktop speakers. very impressed by these wonderful sounding speakers. No need for additional subwoofer, stands work-out very nicely, the wattage of these suckers is perfect, if you need 
Ease-of-Recording Happiness at Last. As amateur musicians, my better half and I use this to record workshops, rehearsals, jam sessions, etc. Over the years we ve fiddled with minidisk recorders 
Great AM Reception & FM Sound. I got this radio when Amazon had a special for 35.00; although they noted that it was discontinued, they started to sell it again. 
Phone. I love my phone. It is the perfect finishing touch to a retro remodeled kitchen. The authentic ringer is a great touch too  
as an owner of this clock... My mother got me this as a gift to replace my smaller Hello Kitty alarm clock. I can safely say after a year, it 
Bose 301 direct reflecting bookshelf speakers are great!. These speakers produce a terrific sound. They are the best bookshelf speakers I have ever heard. The sound that is projected through 
No Coasters Yet. I have bought 50 and 100 pack spindles of Memorex and so far I have not had any problems. They work just fine on my Sony dvd 
Work as expected. This USB-HD does what it is supposed to do. I had no problems so far.It is extremely silent. The external AC adaptor is bigger than others I 
EXCELLENT PRODUCT. THIS PRODUCT EXCEEDS WHERE OTHERS FAIL DRASTICALLY. AS SIMPLE AS WE MAY THINK A SWITCHER IS THE QUALITY SOMETIMES LEAVES A LOT TO BE DESIRED. I HAVE TRIED 
Excellent Printer. I purchased the printer along with my new Mac Pro. It has worked fine, it was easy to install, I am also using parallels for mac and the 
XM Radio Boombox. I was somewhat apprehensive ordering this considering some of the bad reviews the SA10001 had. This unit must be its successor. Worked great right out of the 
Zune Gear Bag rocks. It is well organized and quite roomy, though it resembles a shaving kit more than a case for a media player. It has a padded socket 
Sonic Impact T-Amp. The Sonic Impact T-Amp is an amazing product, even more so considering the selling price. It s main selling point is as a device to enable a 
Better than Generic. If you own a Canon printer, buy a Canon ink cartridge! That is my warning. Generic ink cartridges may look the same as their OEM counterparts but 
Good product. I am satisfied with this product. Much better than my 128 card. Lots of pics i use for ebay. Big Time Saver. Excellent. No worries here  
Digiview RC61ELW Atomic Travel Clock. It s a nice little clock. Light and small for travel. I like the snooz feature and the date room temperature as well. I like 
fast and simple. This device is great for carriying around with your camera, you can review and share the pictures with any PC with USB available, data can also be 
Good glossy 4x6 paper for pigment ink printers. The print quality on this glossy photo paper is very good when used with compatible printers and inks. However, I didn t 
Just what I needed. I bought this for my vehicle to attach my ZEN to the stereo. I had a 3 foot cable that was always getting tangled. This works 
Great For Music Lovers. If you like to listen to music on your phone, the 1GB is more than enough to satisfy your ears. The card allowed me to put 
Great inexpensive in ear headphone. I ve had my ultra Ears for just over 3 months and love them. This is my first pair of in ear canal phones, they 
Good Product. Great product for protecting my IPOD. Only rated a 4 because it does scratch pretty easy and only wish I did not have to remove to dock it. 
cd adaptor. cd adaptor works great. it s great to be able to play cd s in my car  
Great Storage, Great Price. I purchased this JumpDrive to use as a back-up for data on my computer documents, files & pictures . It works great, easy to transfer data 
Good print server. Set up was easy and has worked without problem on my SOHO network, which has several wired and wireless computers  
Good product, price and delivery time!!!. I do not have anything bad to say. I am happy with the product, price, delivery and service  
Excellent. I received the product much faster than it was stated for free shipping rate, product quality as expected. Amazon is a trustworthy retailer  
Great Deal. I recently purchased this item and I am very happy with its performance and quality. I use it daily in the gym it delivers excellent sound and you 
Works with ipod at home with stereo as well!. I just bought an ipod and purchased this AVB adapter at the same time. It was an excellent choice. I m 
Bang for its buck. this is one of the best in its class for the low price. quick, and responsive, and very convenient for a frequent web browser. the back 
So far, so good... I use these @ work, so they don t really go through alot of wear and tear. Well on second thought, perhaps they do. Anyway as 
Great little gadget. Nice price. I ordered the Slingbox Tuner from Amazon a couple of weeks ago. Even with free ground shipping, it arrived in Miami within three days. Pretty 
Spend the extra to get quality, dependability. I started with an Olympus DM-10 DVR, using it daily for recording college course lectures that I converted to CDs I could listen 
why you need this one instead of an iPod. I love this thing and I use it all the time. I never leave home without my cell phone or my 
This Thing Rocks!. At first I was a little sceptical, but after using it, I can t imagine using Garageband without it! I can finally stand up and play, fiddle 
Makes me feel like I m deaf... Turns out I don t like in-ear ear phones. The sound on these is good, though the bass is a bit much in 
Look Good, Fit Good, Sound Good. Earbuds are totally uncomfortable for me, especially since I wear my headphones hours at a time at work. Sony s earhook headphones are the 
The best price to performance in mic headset. I ve been using variations of this headset for years of gaming and they are great. They have great sound and the 
Atlantic 77305018 Satellite Speaker Stands Black . For the price, these speaker stands are hard to beat. I bought two pair one each for the front and surround speakers . 
Decent scanner. It has the features it claims to have, and the software works OK on my Mac . It doesn t claim to be fast, and it isn t. 
Great product for the price. I am extrememly happy with this one. For the price, it delivers well. The voice recorder works well. My key need was to record lectures 
What more could you ask for?. This tv is great. I had it out of the box and playing xbox 360 in full 1080p in no time. I love the 
Great product - confusing remote!. This is an amazing piece of equipment with so many different capabilities. However, the remote is very confusing. And, with so many channels, finding the 
great sound. fantastic sound; well worth the moneya bit difficult getting used to positioning of cables behind the head; still playing with various earpieces provided to find the most comfortable.ability 
Excellent !. 320 CD DVD, durable, double sided storage... a really nice choice when you have hundreds of dvd or cds  
Good product. Products work great. I am no videophile, but they seem to work great and the only thing I am missing is the feeling that I spent 60 too 
Polk PSW-10: Great, with some reservations. I purchased this subwoofer about 2 months ago and since then have given it an extensive listening test. Following is a list of things 
Not perfect but does the job well. I ve been using the Maximo SAN-360 for about a little over a week now and for the most part get a good 
Great Buy. I use the tablet just about every time I use Photoshop or Illustrator . . . and when I m not using the tablet, I find myself thinking 
Good equipment, smooth operation. This is a nice product and it operates as described. I have many other wireless devices in the home and there is no interference. In fact, 
Great value for money. I bought these for my Sony digital camera and I am very pleased with them. Exact fit into the camera and with great capacity, they simply 
Exactly as advertised. I have a small regular jack microphone that I used on my ThinkPad laptop since its internal microphone is absolutely useless it is too close to the 
Great product!. This product is great for DJ s that have two mass storage iPODs. I use an older 40GB and a new 80GB with no problems. I like the 
Nice brand-name receiver with 6.1. This receiver puts out a lot of power. It also has a bit of weight to it. It comes with a microphone to automatically adjust 
This is a standard item. Nothing to review - it is a standard item and works as it shoul  
Has worked every time so far. I ve used this to repair several music CDs and a couple of DVDs with 100 success. It s easy and fast to use. 
It takes some elbow grease, but the results are fantastic!. I have never in my life been so incredibly satisfied with a product that I felt compelled to write a 
Love it. I just love this armbelt. It look very sexy in my very tune arm..  
Western Digital Passport 120GB USB 2.0 External Hard Drive. Fast and reliable, indeed a very good option  
R2400 Rocks!. I m a commercial photographer and in the last seven years, I ve worn out two Epson 2200 s. Needless to say I was a bit skeptical of 
Seagate ST3500641CB-RK 500 GB External Hard Drive USB 2.0 FireWire. Seagate ST3500641CB-RK 500 GB External Hard Drive USB 2.0 FireWiredid not give me any trouble till now... works beautiful  
BEST LITTLE POCKET RADIO EVER. I have had several of these types of radios including Sangean and Radio shack. This is by far the best one ever.I bought it for 
Very cool player.. I ve been playing with this player for about a week now and there have been good and bad points about it. I ll start with what 
Good helpmate. If you can get one for a good price &lt;15 , it is an excellent add-on for the casual iPod user, although the number of functions will be 
Love It. It got me playing again. This is an awsome product. After seeing my guitar sitting for a few years kids, etc I decided to try this after doing 
All-In-One-Printer. easy to set up and to install on computer; intuitive navigation buttons makes for simple straight forward handling; very quiet and stable when in operation; double sided printing is 
Excellent Upgrade. I currently have an older model Sony DVD 5-Disc changer and decided to upgrade to this newer model because I recently upgraded my whole theater system to HD. 
Great Entry Cam, Real Value For Money. I was very surprised when I received this product that it came with a software suite with so many functions. Live web broadcast 
Excellent. This TV fit my budget and room perfectly. Highly recommended for the average television and movie viewer. 1080p is hugely overrated  
nice product. The switch was easy to set up and works as expected. The KVM switch eliminates the need for 2 monitors, mice, and keyboards to access a pair of 
One of each. We had a Model One, liked it, but my wife wanted a clock radio, hence the Model One was sentenced to the bathroom and replaced by the 
awesomer router. I have tried many routers from Linksys. Most of them were ABSOLUTE CRAP, as can be read on their reviews on any site! They always had to be 
Griffin Earphones. I love these....they re working out beautifully. I can t use the round disc-shaped earbuds. Even those are too big for my ears, but since these have three 
san disk compact flash card. So far I havent filled up my disc yet using it. Thedisc that came with it would fill up after 3 minutes oftalking. So far 
Excellent buy. Bought for my daughter. Excellent sound quality. Easy to put MP3 music on it. Get an extended warranty if you can. Can be a bit delicate. Good buy 
ION USB Turntable. Overall this is very simple and easy, and extremely quick. A great product that offers much in the way of editing, and has terrific software to enable 
Our second one!. We like this product very much. We bought one 6 months ago and wanted a second for the bedroom. We went back to circuit city where we 
Polk Audio XRt12 Tuner. This is the correct tuner to add to my stereo unit, but a bit pricey when you compare it to the portables out there. With the 
Worth the money!. I bought this to replace the standard wires that come with a PS2. The wires that come with a PS2 are not worth a buck! As soon 
Easy to assemble, classic look. Very easy to assemble, has very classic lines, lets stereo equipment have plenty of ventilation, hard to find add-on shelf in maple. Holds a lot 
Windows Vista?. This is not actually a review and i know this is not the place to be doing this, but i am curious to find out if this card 
Worth Your Consideration!. I put this unit up for my brother. Although I needed a quick call to Pearless, it was painless and they had the answers right away. It 
X-Card to the rescue. This is better and cheaper, and easier to carry than the other X-card reader that s out there. It s very small, so some care needs 
Excellent audio-book reader. Between driving my car, working out in the gym, walking my dog and doing chores around the house, I spend at least 10 hours a week listening 
Durable, high quality CD wallet. Let s start with the outside of the wallet. The design is elegant, and minimalistic, with a slight curve down the left front side, also 
Cobra HH38WXST. Handheld CBs are the most useful of all two way radios. Although a CB handheld s range is not equal to a GMRS radio, but greater than an 
A genuine bargain. A good buy for the price. I live in a very rural area so the unit required an external self-powered FM antenna and a wire AM antenna, 
Quantity vs quality. You can t beat the price for the number of cases you get. However, out of the 100 cases, I think about 7-8 of mine were broken. 
great sound. i orginally wanted a voice recorder to record my D&D group s 10 hr long sessions, which demanded a larger size availabilty, with at least reasonable sound quality. 
Perfect for vacation!. We ordered this item to go with our new Sony digital camera. We drove all around Colorado and this memory stick was perfect for storing all our 
A way to fix messy Apple screens. When I first got an iBook, I used regular Endust for Electronics on the screen the spray, not the duster . Using my 
Good Stuff. These THX cables are everything you could would expect from a high quality sub cable. Good stuff.EDIT: I forgot to mention...the most thorough review here mentions the only 
A Solid Burner. I bought this burner for around 40 . I needed to add this for my system, which didnot have the dvd burner part and also needed to 
Great DVDs. First Time user of memorex. A friend recommended them. works absolutely perfect. used over 30 of these dvds with only 4 defectives burns and that was because of 
Best mp4 player in the market and the price is great. 1. As a mp3 player it is still the best if you are like me who refuse to buy 
great to conserve space. two of these jewel cases equal the size of a regular cd case. buy them and conserve space. there great  
Easy to set up, good value. I read the lone review on this One For All URC 6820 universal remote control URC and reviews of many other URC s. For 
Unreal - you must hear it to believe it!. I purchased the Polk Surroundbar with some trepidation, as it is an expensive leap of faith purchase due to the fact 
SanDisk Sansa M230 512 MB MP3 Player Blue . I m very impressed! I especially like the long playing life of a single AAA battery  
Perfect. I attached this item using velco on top of my Sony TV.Switch 1 for satellite tvSwitch 2 for Home theaterSwitch 3 for PS2Switch 4 spar  
small but powerful speakers. This is a small USB speaker. I was surprised at the sound that came out of those small speaker  
DVD Cases. Was just what I ordered, fast service too. Just wish they would have had more in stock at time of purchase  
hey it s good!. it controls everything. it is very easy to program. it, though, takes a while to get used to especially if you have digital cable. the up, 
Great. It works really well. It has great battery life, very readable screen, plays my music with wonderful quality, and needs no special software to connect to the computer  
Very handy. This little tool is very handy for small places. glad I purchased it  
Great value for money. I bought these for my Sony digital camera and I am very pleased with them. Exact fit into the camera and with great capacity, they simply 
get it elsewhere. the product works great but the shipping charges are just scandalous. i reccommend getting it directly from the manufacturer. however, here it is still a lot cheaper 
Many of the other reviewers are simply wrong - great mount if you have a brain. I am getting a little miffled by the clueless people that post reviews. Its 
very cute, and a good value. I won t lie, I bought these because they re pink and I dig the styling of the Skullcandy brand.Before you completely write me 
Great capacity and high quality ink quality. This cartridge has a pretty high capacity. I ve used it with my CX6400 printer scanner copier for the past 3 weeks and 
very ergonomic. I work as a web designer and my mouse is a very important tool for me. I needed good precision and a confortable mouse to work with more 
Best sollution for to get some privacy. no matter where, airplain, meeting, office ther are allways some people watching interesting at your screen.The filter gives you some more confidence no 
Awsome cable for the price. Great price, great wire. I replaced the old wiring for my home theater and noticed that the sound was simply much cleaner. Only .40 a 
Tightly integrated GarageBand controller. With the price halved from its original suggested retail price, now is a great time to pick up this gem that lets you get hands on 
This is an excellent GPS. This product works great as a turn by turn GPS. I also love it for walking and tracking in the parks. I have not used 
As good as a 80 cable. Didn t notice any difference between this cable and the 80 cable from Best Buy. I have read that for digital signals you dont 
A bigger chip. I recently returned from a week long trip to Las Vegas NV. and Disneyland. I shot over a thousand photos and with the expanded chip I didn 
TI-84. What can I say? My son loves it. And now my other son wants one.  
Perfect. I was a little concerned about buying this item by the Internet, but everything was really easy and the service was perfect. The items arrived in very good conditions 
Fast and friendly. Got my order quickly and found out that these cases are much BETTER than the ones sold here locally, and they were CHEAPER !!  
What are you talking about?. These are some pretty good earbuds; they re a big step up from the earbuds that came with my ipod. They make the classical music 
Great starter HDTV. After having 2 of these TV s for over a month I decided to add my review now that I have burned enough time to give a 
Works!. I am using this reader with a 1 gig olympus type H XD card, a Fujifilm F30 camera and a sony vaio with XP home. XD cards can be 
Great product for Mac Laptop. Thanks to the one reviewer, S. Doner, I ordered the JLab speaker for my new Mac laptop the small 13 inch one . We use 
Good Sounding Speakers for the Value, chintzy enclosure. They stand up quite well to the outdoor elements under a protected area, yet don t seem to hold up well exposed 
Best Music CD-R. I ve tried different name brand manufacturers over the years and Maxell is the best out there. The disc will play in any cd player out there, 
Great noise cancelling. If you ve spent the money on Shure headphones, you want to hear the quality they can produce. These sleeves provide amazing noise canceling. Other noise canceling 
Will Never Get Lost!!!!. For the price this is the best GPS and it speaks in different languages LOL!!! Great display and easy to use. I had it working in 
quick fill, prompt curteous return. returned due to need for 58mm adapter. great service, nice folks  
too small for sony 7 inch screen. The case was very well made and sturdy. Unfortunatly it was too small for my sony 7 in DVD portable player. Returning it 
Excellent cable for portable DVD player. I purchased this cable so that I could watch satellite TV on my portable DVD player by my computer. You will probably need an 
Pretty good only 1 small drawback. The print server is working great! The only drawback at all is that when you first install it you must hook it to the 
Pleased with this Printer. I bought this printer December 2006. This printer is my 3rd HP and my second photosmart printer. By far the photo s I have printed on 
great value!. So much cheaper than buying a flash mp3 player... I ve had this and other similar Sandisk memory cards for up to two years without a problem. Have 
New home theatre system. I love this product. It was nice to finally get rid of all the cables running to my projector. Now I only have one HDMI cable 
Great phone at a great price. My wife and I bought this phone to replace a 2.4 GHz phone. It is exceptionally clear, I can go outside to my mailbox 
Excellent Monitor. This is a GREAT monitor! Cannot be more enthusiastic. However!!! Do not get it from where I got it from, RitzCamera. They have horrible service, and they sent 
SHARP AQUOS 32 . This product came highly recommended by a technoid at my workplace because of all the specific qualities it has and will need for future television transmissions. 
A very nice device for everyone. I ordered one from J&R over the weekend and received it Wednesday. I m very happy about it so far.The product actually looks and 
Good small, cheap, beater stereo. We bought this for our 11 year old son. It is perfect for him.It has the features he wants and I m not too worried 
Speed. This card is not too fast but good enough for my camera... Well that means nothing to me, I don t have your camera and I could buy it 
So far, so good. Works great so far, and I do not need an external power source for my XP platform. I have been putting a bunch of stuff on 
In depth review long . I love the Archos 504 player for many reasons, and the removable battery is certainly one of them. Unlike iPod, Zune, etc., the Archos has 
A holder that fits...FINALLY!!. After searching for over two years in stores to find a armband case for my minidisk player, only to be told that the minidisk players themselves 
Good price and product. Simple white coaxial cable that performs good for its function. Needed a couple wires that would match the walls, and did a good matching. Quality of 
 . Work well an as expected. I mostly use them on a commuter train, they block the ambient noise and the music sounds good , I do not claim 
Extremely satisfied with this purchase. The DLO transpod works perfectly with no static. I was hesitant to purchase this. I thought because it works through the radio, there would be 
SanDisk SDSDQ-256-A10M Micro SD 256 MB Card. This was everything I expected. I am able to use this with my Ipaq as well as my Motorola V710. It is great 
Worth the price. Pick the size that holds the buds in place, but still lets you push them in as far as they can go. These buds work best for 
Fantastic!. As a professional photographer, I was very hesitant to go from a CRT Monitor to a LCD. But after all the promises I heard about Samsung Syncmaster 214, I 
A great deal. I hooked these speakers up to a 20 year old NAD amplifier that delivers 20W per channel. This is at the bottom of the recommended power range, 
Very Good dvd-rw media. I ve bought these five Memorex dvd-rw on Amazon. All five of them are very good so far. To write and rewrite and rewrite on 3 
Great surface for gaming and regular mouse use. No more going over the edge or the pad and getting the mouse caught on the edge. I bought it to use 
I Like It!. This is a great holder for my ipod mini. It was easy to figure out and attach to my arm. My only very small complaint was that 
Functionally works great, some little quirks in configuration management. The printer and scanner both have worked flawlessly and up to specifications. I have a mix of Windows XP and Vista 
Awesome little device!. I bought this gadget thinking I might be throwing my money away looks cheap , but it actually DOES it job and does it quite well. The 
Great value and labor saver. The tuner amplifier that I use for my surround sound system has only one optical audio input. However, both my dvd player and my satellite 
Very impressive!. This is the notebook case I ve been waiting for! I make frequent international trips and, until now, I ve tried stuffing a few critical carry-on items into 
Cool product. Stylish. Light. Cool. This flash drive is everything you want in portability and storage. Did I mention that when it is connected to a computer, an inner blue 
Great product for the price. I bought this tv for my daughter so she would have access to a DVD player. The picture is crisp and clear and the sound 
Can t Expect More. I have many different headphones: Bose, Sony, Philips, Centrino,and also LTB. I got this LTB about one mouth ago. I was shockedwhen I used it at 
excellent product. for my personal application this product could only been improved if it would have had a weather channel as an added feature. I will have to purchase a 
Not your ordinary AM-FM. With the number of radio stations not yet bought up by Clear Channel, and still aimed somewhat at the graying population, steadily decreasing, we were looking 
Great Item. This switch is the perfect product for those without a reciever. I use it with computer speakers for surround sound. Especially the remote control, it is a major 
Kodak SD Card 256 MB. great addition to my Z740 kodak camera. jumped memory up to a great amount of picture  
This review is not for the technologically well versed. I ve had this photo printer a few weeks now. I don t consider myself technically proficient. I totally scored despite 
Excellent Speaker Value. I admit it, I am semi-obsessed with not spending a fortune on anything. It is all about value. So when it cam time to find some new 
Does exactly what it it supposed to do. I ve been wanting a product like this for a very long time. Hotel rooms never seem to have enough outlets on 
Have really enjoyed it. I wanted a non-iPod digital music player, and found this to be a terrific option. It plays a number of different formats, and includes a lanyard, 
Very effective and a bargain. I made the mistake to buy the Kensington laser pointer before this one. The Kensington is a good one, very well made, but it is 
It s a car kit. Car kit works as advertised. I ve had good luck with the fm modulator at the high end over 107 fm. If you know what 
A Real Musical Instrument, NOT a Toy!. My 2 year old saw this in BJs and kept asking for it, so Santa brought it for him for Christmas. I think 
A good product. I like the product. Really a good product and a useful one at the right price  
Excellent bag for an lady executive on the go. This is a great lap top bag. It is lady like but efficient for carrying any laptop through mass transportation. Extremely 
Plug &amp; Play on Win XP. Works beautifully on XP. Very easy to install. Highly recommended if you need to upgrade a pre-USB 2.0 PC  
MOON, HERE I COME. Great product. I use mainly in L.A. traffic. I take a turn where I m not supposed to you know, to avoid breathing all that mess... 
Good keyboard, some design flaws. Overall, this keyboard is great. Here are what I like about it:1. I can fly on this key due to it s relatively soft keys 
Good Product - Pricy. Amazon has the best value for this product. Other vendors wanted nearly twice as much for the product. It works well for people who travel. However, 
Nice little scanner. I had an LiDE30 before and would ve kept it except the software didn t work on a Mac with other applications and there wasn t any 
Excellent Quality. This all-in-one printer has revolutionized my home office. For only 100, I have high quality printed documents, copies, scans and photos at home that exceed the capabilities of 
Great for Crusing. I picked this up to use on a Mediterranean cruise since the outlets in cruise ship cabins are scarce and usually located right at the edge of 
Good Card. Good Card, Not the best on the market, but does everything I need it too  
Sleek Modern Design. Besides its sleek modern design, this compact radio produces very good sound quality at a relatively reasonable price. The silver white case fits particularly well in today 
Works well, no complaints. I ve been using it with Nikon DSLR - works well. Also I ve been using some Viking comact flash cards for 3 years now and 
great product. This thermometer replaced a cheaper model made by another company which had stopped working after two years. This device ws easy to set up and has worked perfectly 
viking jump drive. It works sweet it saves my from dragging around my laptop  
Dock your Pod and Rock your Crib!. Just place the iPod Dock in a convenient spot, plug in the iPod Power Adapter and connect it to the dock with the 
i love it. i was having pain in my wrist from all the time I spend working on the computer. i bought one of these and the mouse wrist pad 
Good Quality Speakers. Speakers arrived in perfect condition. They were relatively simple to install, and they work very well. Tweeter is aim-able. Speakers achieve fantastic high and mid-range frequencies - 
accurate weather monitor. Before making this purchase, I read reviews and I almost did not get this monitor based on how other buyers stated it was hard to program the 
Great solution!. My husband often works in the living room while we watch TV. This gadget provides him just enough light to get his work done without distracting the rest 
Took a bit to figure out. Indispensible once you get it!. When you get one of these, you ll wonder how you lived without it. They should package these with 
Excellent product with a couple quirks. I purchased this enclosure to salvage the hard drive on a laptop of mine that had died. Upon receiving the unit, my first impression 
Happy. I ve only had the TV for one month but I am truly enjoying it. I have to work with getting the color right but everything looks good. The 
Lots of photo space. I purchased this item because the 1 gig Memory stick was not yet available. I also purchased the 1 gig It holds a lot, even when 
why you need this one instead of an iPod. I love this thing and I use it all the time. I never leave home without my cell phone or my 
Worthwhile. Great value for the price. I needed 4ft Component Cables between my HD Satellite Receiver and my new HD-capable TV and I didn t want to spend a fortune 
Good product. It s a nice product does it s job with hardly any noise of the fans, USB ports and external card reader. I give 4 stars as it 
Works great for me!. I just got this to replace my iRiver AFT100 which just quit working not the fuse . I must say, I m impressed. We were on 
Absolutely THE BEST!. This year, for the first time in my professional career close to 20 years , I am living in a cubicle and not an office with real 
Forget about the Wireless in the House. I read a Mosseberg review on this product on Wallstreet Journal. I have four wireless adapters in the house. I needed to add 
Very good CD player. Works fine. Looks and acts just like the 17 year old Denon it replaces. Even the magazine from the Denon is the same as the Pioneer 
Great card from a reliable company. I got this 256 MB card for an HP 49G calculator. I have had it for about a month, and it fast and reliable. 
Tremendous value, great performance. I purchased this receiver to replace a sickly Harman Kardon AVR-100 which had served me well for many years. In my search for a replacement, I 
Memory expansion. This was all it was advertised to be. This upgraded the memory on the computer and it runs faster and more efficiently now  
Perfect for Home User - Great Value. You can t beat this one for a firewire port. 20 for a name brand startech port that comes with a cable to 
IOGEAR USB 9 Pin Serial Adapter. This adapter performs as promised and has been in use since it was delivered, Good produc  
Solid Performer. The documentation is a little sparse and the connections are not quite intuitive. The strange names given to the printer ports didn t help during setup either. But 
Excellent for iPod Video. I bought this dock specifically for the S-video connection because I wanted to be able to watch my iPod s mpeg movies on my Sony LCD 
Good System - Recommended. I purchased the Sony DAV-FX100W system over the internet. It surprisingly arrived in only a few days. Assembly and wiring instructions were done well. It looks 
Well worth it. For 35, this unit is a steal. Performed excellently. Just hooked it up to a USB port and configured it as COM4. Note: you might want to 
Wow, very satisfied. I used a Logitech Wingman since 1999 and the thing finally deteriorated to the point of not being able to use it. When I started looking around 
excellent picture, great output, caution on the price!!!!. This is an excellent dvd player, have had it for 3 months now, no problems except for the very first unit I 
HP Officejet 6310. I really like my new printer, Amazon had the best deal on the internet  
Excellent HDMI A V Receiver. I purchased the TX-SR674 specifically for the two HDMI inputs - one for DVD, the other for Satellite. This unit replaced an Onkyo TX-DS656, which 
Ok. Was not new to using this device. I bought it as a replacement for another that failed after 2.5 years on 24 7.  
Never had a problem. Got the WAP54GX out of the box, hooked it up to my RV082, uploaded the latest firmware ver. 1.16 , manually configured it and was off 
work Most of the time. This thing works great out in the country or mountians. But not so well in the metro area where it works about 50 of the 
Uniden PRO510XL CB Another Satisfied Jeep Owner. Just got this radio for my jeep for those off road trips and no complaints yet. Its been rained on and jarred around 
good agenda, very pleasant with. its was a very good agenda to me until one day.... i drop it..i used with a aluminium case and i have been drop it 
BEST DVD PLAYER ON THE MARKET. This DVD player is awsome. It plays anything you put into it. FOr the price this player can not be beat. Tons of features. 
Blazing fast label printer. I ve used the QL-500 3 or 4 times now and everytime I do, this unit never fails to surprise me. It s so fast that 
Best of all. I bought this headphones two weeks ago and tried it on my PC, home theatre system. The sound quality turns out fantastic. One of the value added 
Very good product. Got it managing 10 nodes of intense traffic mostly to an Access database and its been doing great. Network speed increased up to 5 times using Intel 
Great Keyboard. I ve had this keyboard for over a month now and I love it. It s stable comortable and the lights on it are good, others have said 
A winner. Good quality for the price---durable and reliable. It s a bit difficult to situate for best reception, but the sound quality is somewhat better than you d expect. 
Great sound like PX100 . These headphones sound pretty good, almost the same as PX100. Very good reproduction of Low frequencies. Highs, Mids are also pretty good.What I didn t 
The little printer that could. I wanted a simple printer so I could print a few prints from time to time to hand out. On sale for 50, this seemed 
Massive storage, great detailing. I have owned this backpack for almost two years and have put thousands of miles on it in NYC my home town and traveling on business 
It works and it works well. The item does what it should do as advertized. The media code is somewhat few medias use nowadays, and it works fine with all 
No complaints. Items were as advertised, arrived ahead of schedule and undamaged.In short, the sort of product and service one should expect from any retailer  
This thing is great... don t get an Aquos . I am not a technophile, but after about 8 weeks looking at all options and pricepoints, I knew much more 
Good deal. This arm-band is surprisingly good. I initially got it for my boyfriend for his iRiver, but I was afraid it wouldn t fit his arms since he s 
Whistler 1753. I bought one - loved it - bought a second to replace an older model in another car. They are both great. The VG2 mode is really cool. 
Excellent remote that s very customizable. After spending considerable time researching true universal remote controls I chose the MX-800 which was a great choice for a home theater. The PC-connectivity 
Very good works fine. Good update for older home computer. Not can read etc dvd  
Great Sound. First off--I m old ish in my 50 s and I watched my daughter using her iPod nano. Then she started playing me songs from her iPod, then 
External hard drive. seems pretty good. doesnt come with any directions on how to transfer files from your C drive into it  
Good Value, Good Product. It s not as slim as drives you can fit on a key chain, but it s compact and a good value for 6gb.  
If You Can Have Only One Radio. Every house should have a Grundig S350 Deluxe. Big, brawny, grabbing in all the hard-to-get stations with ease, championing a big antenna that 
Good job Belkin. This item is well worth the price. It seems that everything even remotely related to the IPOD product line is so overpriced. To find something of this 
Short of buying custom molded, these are the best!. These headphones sound amazing, they have plenty of bass utilizing dual drivers, and since the cord is the most common thing 
Tivoli Audio iPAL Portable AM FM Radio. The best portable am fm radio I have ever owned; and I have owned many. Great sound and a build it rechargeable battery 
Acronis 10.0. Outstanding backup software! Never a problem. Easy to use. Beats Norton Ghost. Ghost was a constant problem. Many computer crtashes.  
Good recorder. Exactly as described, could be a little louder, clear recordings! Overall, great product for a very reasonable price.  
Fast - Reliable - Inexpensive. Nothing to hate and everything to love. I bought one and used it without fail on several different machines for several months. It s solid 
Great product, but pricey. This sound card really did the job and is super small compared to external sound cards. The only setback is that it s a little too 
Pink case for m200. I really liked the pink color and that it had a clip. Only drawback is no cover for the screen. But other than that it is 
Great Item. I was looking for something to put my keyboard on when not in use to make better use of the desk surface. This is great. I only wish 
Makes completing expense reports really easy. I am a consultant and am self employed and I track exepnses and bill them to my clients - or I lose money. I 
Nice box for the money. Bought this to free up my DVR - turn recorded movies into DVD s etc. It works pretty well, accurate capture, easy to use. Not 
Great service. Completely happy with the product. Fast shipping. Would buy again from this vendor  
Audio Bargain of Two Centuries. I first heard these tiny, unassuming speakers in the control room of an FM radio station. I was immediately struck by their clarity, openness, detail, 
Best radio for those looking for a user-friendly shortwave. This radio has excellent features for someone who is either new to shortwave radio or just wanting a simple, user-friendly set 
Get this one!. I had no problems with this whatsoever. The plastic is thick, and it has pieces to cover virtually every part of your iPod. I have ZERO bubbles 
Wrong picture - as of Jan 31, 2007. The picture is of the wireless comfort keyboard which I also have . The Laser 6000 has black keys and a totally 
Buy it somewhere else. A fine product that does what it says. The only way I know is from using the one my brother got months ago. He ordered his 
Solid and reliable. I ve had problems with high failure rates with other media vendors, but I ve used these TDK 52x discs for three years now with no problems. 
Good low power hard drive. It is an excellent external hard drive with low power requirements. It works reliably off a single USB connection while some other drives require two 
1 shortcoming. Great MP3 player, but the earbud set that comes with it is lousy.  
Great TV Great Price. 1st off way to go Amazon! I received it 10 days before the estimated ETA. I got it in about a week with the free shipping.The 
Perfect mate for Google Earth. Perhaps is a expensive cable, specially if you don t earn dollars, but it is perfect to complete Google Earth software.I tried it in my 
Easy does it.. This colorimeter is well-respected by photographers for good reason. In easy mode, it is pretty fast and you don t have to do anything but click next 
Good Value. Needed to update my old card for a MMOFPS, and this card helped the performance out a great deal for the value. If you want to save some 
get them b4 they get u. this is probally one of the best products I have purchased. the same day I received it I had to test it. and its 
Cheap and works. Can t see spending tons of money to clean a product that has been out in the market for lots of years. It works just fine, and 
Quick, Painless and right on Time. This was a nice way to shop for people like myself that live in rural areas, no surprises. Thanks  
It definitely works... and its cheap. Look, for a bargain-basement product, what do you expect? First, you expect it to work, and I can confirm it definitely does work.When plugged 
My Zune is much better than my two malfunctioning iPods. I have two iPods that don t work. I bought a shuffle first and that has an error that I 
Toshiba 19 TV. Great shipping.Terrific picture.Instructions for antennae hook-up could have been a little better....still no problem. Again, picture better than most!Price similar to local discount stores  
Love this clock. I love this clock. I have had it for 2 years and it still works great. I get great reception on it so I think that it 
Awesome. The wireless Belkin network card was easy to install and works great. No more lag with online games  
not spectacular, but they do the job. I bought these to use while running because I found my iPod headphones needed to keep being adjusted. As with all earbud type 
lovely. these headphones were lovely. i had the one s that were nt the gaming edition, but then i had a fire at my house and i lost them. i 
Perferctly adequate turntable for occasional use. This refurbished turntable meets my needs for transferring vinyl records to CDs. The price is a bargain and it comes with pickup cartridge and 
For the price their 5 stars.. These have lasted for 100s hours so far and sound good. There pretty comfortable but they could be more comfortable across the top but 
Good stuff. I was surprised that my order had to be back ordered - but once recieved, they are good batteries  
Don t risk being without one!. I already knew how good this product was before we bought it. We had purchased one for my daughter and when lightening stuck it 
Does the job... I used this little device on my Dell to setup dual monitors. I have the Nvidia GeForce 7300 LE that has one VGA and one DVI connector 
Great sound for the price. I purchased two of these systems for my daughters and they both are very pleased. The sound from such a small unit is amazing, its 
Works great for my games. Bought this to hold my video games and instruction manuels. Works just like I planned. Package arrived fast and would recommend this to anyone with 
neat little beat. I got this little juke box for christmas 2006,it has some pretty cool features and good sound from the equalizer,I think it gives ipod nano a run 
Steel Pad ups my gaming skills. The steel pad allows for better maneuverability because there is a lot more space to work the mouse. I purchased it for my son 
Exelent. I m happy with this product, I think that in the future I will buy the ink in this place again.  
Rockin IPod. I purchased this unit for my daughter s room because it is small it doesn t take up too much room and portable. It is stereo; and the 
adapters for everything. this is great for traveling and rental card. always nice to have an extra sync cable around  
Best backpack for Macbook Pro. You can t beat the quality of Brenthaven bags. I have gone through so many backpacks since I use this on a daily basis commuting 
A NEW STANDARD. Garmin, with the Edge 305 heart rate cadence, has set the standard and literally eliminated the competition. The only thing the others can do at this point 
Great and Inexpensive Too. Buy these. You will not regret. They are the best value at less than 10. They sound grest and stay on your ear without effort or 
It s not Targus at fault here. Laptop manufacturers want you to buy their products at their markup. Dell is no exception. Dell itself, on the motherboard, checks adapters. Whether 
Very Helpful and Easy to Install. I ve scanned over 600 cards now and it s been very easy. The included software is user friendly. The scanner itself seems to 
Incredible. It seems that the micro age really is here. These MicroSD chips are big on storage. I bought this chip for my LG Chocolate phone of all things. Its 
Incredible range and strength. I ve had this product for about a month. I did a lot of research, reading up on the technology and the reviews before I bought 
Great Hub. This hub takes care of old power issues I had with smaller unpowered hubs . It is handling my pda, usb jump drive, high capacity external drive, and 
Great multi-function machine. This Brother MFC-8870dw 30ppm Wireless Network Multifunction Laser Printer with Duplex Printing, Copying, Scanning and Faxing,is a veritable workhorse. My staff like the speed of the quick 
Best Printable DVD R. When it comes to printable DVD media....Verbatim are hands down my favorite brand. I can go through over a hundred burns without a single coaster. These 
Great Idea!. I have been looking for an easier way to protect the front my my lens without having to either take off my lens hood or trying to fumble 
Well Done Samsung. The HD picture quality is top notch. The majority of the HD content that I view is from the local over-the-air broadcasts. For my extended service I 
Ours is great... Not to denigrate others complaints, but I did feel the need to write my very first Amazon review for this product, to balance out the picture a 
Exceptional Engineering. When you look at the price, it may seem pricey but when you get the product, there is some serious engineering involved. The web reviews have all been 
Great mic for recording vocals guitar. I use this mic for recording my vocals and guitar both together in the computer and this mic does absolutely wonderful job.Plugged in the 
Long cord is cool. I didn t realize that the cord on these headphones was so long-at least 20 feet, while the volume control is within 3 feet from the 
Excellent Media - works great with NEC-3500A DVD-RW drive. I got this for free after main-in rebates when I bought NEC-3500A DVD-rw drive last Xmas time. I started using these 
Pretty Good, But... i won t duplicate what others have said in previous reviews.we have owned this printer for about 6 months and overall very happy with it.it is used 
...Sounds Great... I installed these speakers last weekend and we love them. The sound is crystal clear with plenty of base.  
A bunch of whinners ........... The software is intuitive. If you don t like the supplied clipart ....... use your own. I ve used the supplied software for over a 
Expensive but good. Had tried an S-video cable for video display from a computer before, with not much luck. Turns out a higher quality shielded cable does make a difference. 
Good solution at a reasonable price. I purchased this unit primarily for use as a hardware firewall.The unit is small, very easy to set up and when used in conjunctionwith 
HP Toner Cartridge for LaserJet 1000, 1200, 1220, and 3300 C7115A . Great product. Only drawback was waiting a month for the free shipping  
Awesome Cable. For everyone that is having trouble connecting the wires, just take a long-nose pliers, and slowly bend the outer ring on each pin outwards until it fits. Be 
Simple, functional, elegant. Casio kept true to form on this one. Everything works as we expect it to, and unlike my first databank watch, it has a light.The word light 
Excellent Antenna. Excellent antenna to use with my Sirius radio. Installation was very easy and pulls in the maximum signal strength  
Awesome Sound Quality- Bar None!. I owned a Bose wave radio for a number of years. The price was well beyond my financial means, but I made the sacrifice, and 
Creative Zen V2GB mp3. Everything went exactly as promised. The player arrived on time and is exactly as advertised. It s a big improvement over a previous Creative player, better 
Great for what they are. These speakers are excellent for what they are. Most USB powered speakers require two cables, one for the USB power and one to plug into 
Great bang for the buck. I m quite impressed with these cables and with component connections in general. Component is like S-Video, but with the two color differentials separated so 
Very good paper sleeves for protecting and transporting CDs and DVDs. Memorex makes an excellent paper sleeve to protect CDs and DVDs from lying around gathering dust. The paper sleeves 
very good small radio. This is a very good radio, well-built, acceptable reception by considering its size and price. The quality of the sound is great. It also shows time 
more bang than an ipod. I must admit that I went to the store to pick up an ipod when the salesgirl asked me, what do you need it to 
Great product for the price!!!!. I was a little leary about buying this portable Ipod stereo system because the price was so cheap. But because the price was so cheap, 
Good stands. Product is just as advertised. Surprisingly sturdy and very adjustable. Overall, Good value  
forerunner 201. Been using for a month. It works well for the purpose I intended...to keep track of my mileage and times. Also has a function for interval training which 
Excellent and reliable. I have this mouse for 4 years, never has any problem, except the rubberized surface warn out, very reliable. I was motivated to write this review as 
Does the job for me.. On my Zen, it prevents the black from getting scratched and definitely fits fine. As a matter of fact, it could be tighter and not 
Great pedal. Years ago I used the flat, boxy-looking sustain pedal and had to play barefoot to really feel it under my foot. This time I decided to shell out 
CHANGED MY LIFE. Did a ton of research before buying. Could not find all the features I wanted, so I waited. Went from 52 RCA rear projection tv to 92 
HP Photosmart A516 Compact Photo Printer. I am very satisfied with the product- it is just as it is advertise  
THE BEST MP3 PLAYER. MY SISTER BROUGHT A CREATIVE ZEN FOR HERSELF AND DID NOT KNOW HOW TO WORK IT SHE GAVE IT TO ME ,LOVED IT THEN WENT ON 
Karaoke Supreme. I purchased this item as a birthday present and was pleased with it s appearance, ease of operation and the overall enjoyment it provided. There are a numerous 
AT&T EP5995 - 5.8GHz Expandable Cordless Phone. After using the AT&T EP5995 and an extra EP590-3 handset for 3-months, my overall impression is very positive. I like it well enough 
Archos Docking Kit is handy. I ve used the kit and it works well, especially for outlets overseas with 220 240 volt systems. One complaint is that Archos requires one 
Compact, just right. This is a good 12 v splitter for the car. I use a radar detector and phone charger and it works perfect  
Small and Practical. I bought this mic for my laptop because of its size. It works very well. Sharp, clear sound without much static. No need to look further if 
Just like a real photograph. I use this paper with an Epson Photo 960 using the &quot;Premium glossy Photo Paper&quot; option. It prints photos as nice as any Ive seen 
Great Drum set. My son received this drum set at age 4 and still plays the drums at age 16. I am now purchasing a set for my 4 year 
Awsome again. This is my first USB throttle Controler. Well I say it will be my last too. There is no other CH Products rock period. I can remember all 
These are great hard drives for the price. I love these hard drives! They have a decent capacity and excellent performance for the price. I bought several for a Raid 
Great Value for Price. This is the 4th player I ve tried, the least expensive, and best screen quality. Easy and dependable  
Flawless. I have used the 9510i for about 2 years and have found it to be flawless in performance. The Disaster Recovery software provided with this drive is it s 
Excellent mouse at an unbeatable price!. I bought this mouse to replace my worn-out Sun mouse for my Sun computer. The mouse and keyboard hardware protocols are the same for 
Excellent. I ordered this based on the other review.I was completly satisfied. The mounting was easy and very stable. I like the way it holds the tv close to the 
excellent product but watch the Amazon Sale conditions. Dymo have a similar excellent product which appears to be discontinued , item 91201. Either 201 or 331 lasts a long time 
I could not be happier with this TV. I spent about 4 months reading reviews, checking prices, and comparing pictures before selecting the Samsung Hlr5667w.Unfortunately by the time I finally 
Not the best, but good and reliable. I had my lexar jump drive for about 6 months, and I have never had any trouble with it the only reason I 
The best compact size LED flashlight. Before going into my review of this flashlight, you first need to ask yourself what do you need this flashlight for. Do you just 
Great. I 1st considered purchasing these after reading a mini review in Sterophile online - which considered these as entry level to really good sound and I agree. For the 
The First Colorful iPod. The Mini was the first iPod that came in colors. So, it was the first iPod I bought--It was pink. I could not resist.When I first 
Very pleasantly surprised. I bought this camera to replace a Logitech QuickCam Fusion. I d been having problems with Skype, all of which seemed related to the Fusion.This camera s 
Now that I figured this out... ...it s awesome. The Firewire connection is fast on my machine without a USB2.0 port, and I can easily either swap out drives from 
Apple Airport Extreme Card. I just installed the Airport Extreme Card on my eMac and have moved the computer as far away from the router as it can possibly be 
Great Little Home Printer. This is a great home printer. It makes quick clear copies  
Terrific TV for Super Price!. Okay, i like many others out there decided to move up do HDTV, but have end up searching for something affordable for 10 weeks. After 
Pretty useful product. You will appreciate this product only if you don t have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, 
Fabulous. The Logitech LX7 Cordless Optical Mouse is the very best mouse I have owned. The fact that no cords and cables, just USB plug-in, is one of my favorite 
M Type XD Card. Great card.Beware, your camera may need a firmware update to use the new M type XD cards. I got write errors over and over till I 
d-Link 4 port hub. Great product. Never had a single problem with it to date, and I ve now been using it for 2.5 months. Plug and play and that 
Teriffic phone system, great features, great price. I think you will be very satisfied with this 4 phone unit, I know I absolutely love it. I m a gadget freak 
Easy to use, lightweight. This is my first portable mp3 player and it took me about an hour to go from taking it out the box to having music on 
Excellent amazing invention - no more wireless for me. This is a great product. I installed it to handle the 4th bedroom in my house where the wireless signal was 
Great product!. Invaluable and long over due, are the only words I have for this product. I love it. I am a professional guitarist and listen to lots of music. 
My thoughts. The microphone performs admirably on my Olympus DM-1 I m thinking of getting a DS-2000 eventually , but one thing that needs to be known about this microphone 
Franklin Scrabble Companion. The product is excellent. I am an on-line scrabble player and it is very helpful. I ve been winning  
Works as expected. The laptop adapter for my Dell Inspiron 1150 went bad one day and I bought this one, works great so far and very cheap compared to the 
Great reader. I spent 10 on a MediaGrear keychain CF card reader first. That reader is usable, but it is hard to pull my CF card out. I think that 
Coby MP-C8881 GB MP3 Player w FM & USB Drive. this is a good player, if the price wil go a little down I think will be very good  
Great for the office, but.... I just got this and it works very well. I first bought the Eton Sound 50 Speaker Dock, which had a great sound, but the 
Great Video Card. The NVIDIA e-Force vidio card is great. My Grandson is now able to do video gaming across the web to his best friends house. Dueling video games. 
Good for the price. It s a decent mic for just a few bucks. It works adequately, and has an on off switch, and an XLR connector.It comes with a 
so far... so good... awsome power, i have: Intel P4 3.2GHz, 512x2 1gb ddr400, 1 ATA 80GB, 2 SATA 80GB Raid 0, dvd rw, hardcano, BFG 6800GT OC 256mb, tornados, 
Perfect Princess Phone. This phone was very hard to find. Even Disney shopping website did not have it. It is very beautiful and perfect for any little princess. My daughter 
Great. I shopped around for memory cards for my digital camera for a while, and finally settled on this one. I have a Kodak Easyshare V530 and this memory card 
Great unit!. This unit is my 2ed UPS made by APC. I out grew the other and decided on this unit. The USB connection is what sold me on this 
LCD TV DVD Player. The description was detailed, delivery was excellent, and product was just what I wanted  
Mixed Feelings After Four Years. There is still a lot to love about the S350, big full sound, incredible FM reception, generally strong AM reception, good rugged looks. But the 
Pretty great, affordable little radio. Sounds nice, looks nice, and sturdily built. Another reviewer bet that it was not made in Germany... he s right, it s made in China. 
Highly recommed it. This device is great. Very easy to use. I bought it for my wife who is not gadget literate and she was using it in 2 minutes 
Great price and great quality!. I rarely write a review , but I figure I should on this one. First off, the price was perfect for 100 dvd blanks. Next, 
Good Toner Great Price. Well that s all I have to say about that - Forres  
Essential Accessory. My ipod mini looked sad on my desk until I got the dock, and now it is displayed proudly, like the beautiful piece of industrial design that it 
BOTH SONY AND AMAZON ARE THE BEST!!!!. I am in the consumer electronic wholesale business - and I chose to buy from Amazon for about the same price I was 
wow. It, works great with my 4G ipod. I used the air vent mount and it keeps my ipod at eye level and the best thing it has a hole 
Excellent batteries. I have used these batteries in a variety of applications and find they perform very well. Can tell no difference in their performance vs the name brands  
USB. its a high speed 1GB USB flash drive for under 10, take that deal any da  
Great with Front Row. My roomate recently bought a new iMac. This remote and the Front Row software were included and are very impressive. I really want to set it 
This is a great bag!!. I bought this for my grandson, the bag has so many great spaces to hold all the things you need to have with your portable 
Toshiba 26HLV66 26 LCD HDTV with DVD Player. The built in DVD is nice. However I m not real pleased with the picture quality. It may be something I m 
good transaction. came quick, perfect condition.. product easy to use... just plug it in and it ll work... i m very happy with the hd caseonly thing is, for me... 
jbl balcony speakers. great sound,great size,great price,perfect for hanging on the walls of our de  
Excellent Product. Installed easily. Am using it mainly for making CD DVDs for personal use.  
Just as the product is advertised. The chip works just as advertised. I have had no problems with it, it was easily formatted to my Kodak camera, and it stores 
Works like a charm. This little guy works perfectly with my IBM model M keyboard, as well as with a couple of old Alps clicky keyboards. And they all work 
Great idea, imperfectly executed. Because my unabridged dictionary is on the 1st floor of my home, and I do the bulk of my reading in bed on the second floor, 
you will not be disappointed. When my old 17 CRT monitor started on its last legs, I decided I needed a new monitor. I had a few criteria: 1. Widescreen 
good case, it really is hard to open. I bought a different case first and it wasn t what i wanted so instead i bought this one, the contour design.I 
Excellent - Best EarPhones you can ever get or dream of. This item is the greatest, Bass is excellent, suround,... i never got like this purity of sound from other 
Great Product, but buy it at Iriver .com. Great product but is only 30 at iriver.com s stor  
iPod is an excellent and elegant tool. This 60 Gb iPod Photo is my second iPod the first, a G4 40Gb was pickpocketed from my napsack in the NYC subway 
Great value for the money!. I have a Sony Cybershot DSCP-100, I love the camera and use it for taking SCUBA Diving pictures. I bought this memorystick duo to use 
what you would expect. I ve used this cord for a year and haven t had any problems with it. Audio quality is perfectly acceptable to me. The price is 
CX6600 High-Capacity Black Ink Cartridge. The high capacity cartridge is the better choice. Offten more black inkis used than color  
very pleased. mounting bracket was a snap to install on my trek, and the gps unit fits securely. love it, usit all the time  
Notepad almost great. I have been using this pad for about six weeks and am pretty happy with it. I only use it to capture and store my handwritten notes. 
Supposed to be excellent. I don t normally write reviews without owning a product, however.. I have ordered the 4661 based off the following:If you ve never been to avsforum 
New models come with dust cover. The new Ion iTTUSB05 and the Ion iTTUSB10 now come with dust covers  
Photocopier. This unit is compact and quiet. We haven t had to make many copies yet but so far it is performing very well. The copies are excellent and it 
I love this Case. Very nice for my huge HP NW9440 laptop, 15.5 wide. Fits perfectly, included Velcro size-adapter makes it easy to fit laptops smaller than 17 snuggly. It 
Great. The picture card came within a day as I recall, just as ordered. And it works great. We are very pleased with our purchase and glad that I didn 
BEST PRICE AROUND. SEARCHED PRICES AND THE PRICE HERE WAS GREAT.Needed this for our new TV and DVD player along with the othercomponents for our TV and surround sound. The 
voice recorder. Being as this is my first digital voice recorder, i really have nothing to compare it with. However this unit is well suited to all the taskes I 
1 GB card. I m afraid I don t know a lot about this technology. I went for economy and I am getting very good quality photos. I think I 
Icemat review. These are very good headphones....fragile so what i did what the little white peices where the braided steel looking string comes out of on both sides just tape 
works fine. This cable has worked fine for me with no problems. I m using it to connect an inexpensive keyboard to a laptop  
Excellent product in every way. Top-notch performance, easy set-up, attractive design. Amazon s price was slightly less than at Best Buy, Circuit City, others, and Amazon delivery was excellent as 
First DVD burn was successful!!!. I just burned my first home video DVD on the Memorex DVD R disc.It worked the first time! I have a TDK Burner installed in 
NICE plastic item. So I was looking for a frim book holder that could support large books with up to 800 pages... could not find a nice one in a 
good sound; compact and easy to use. very happy with this handy little machine with more than adequate sound and easy to use functions.not only does it operate on practical 
Excellent Quality. The Sandisk 2GB SD is a high-quality name-brand product. It holds up very well to everyday use. The plastic casing and write-protection button is very solid - not 
easy setup .. but... This was a breeze to set up. Just install the software on you computer, enter the model numbers of your components. For those few items that 
Effective and efficient. This scanner works great for my purposes. I use it in conjunction with my online fax account to copy documents to fax. I had to play around 
Great Product, Nice Design, Fast Speed!. Pros:I have a few card readers and this it the newest one that I have purchased in February 2007. The design of the Sandisk 
It is the best on the Market!!. I GOT THIS CABLE LAST WEEK TO CONNECT MY STEREO SPEAKES TO MY T.V., AND NOW WHEN I WATCH MOVIES THE SOUND IS 
Great ear phones for ipod. Love it. Great fit, shorter cord than regular earphones is easier to handle for the ipod. Tight fit helps keep outside noise out.  
EXCELLENT PRODUCT. I WAS A LITTLE SKEPTICAL ABOUT THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE OF THE LOW PRICE BUT IT ARRIVED IN NEW AND UNOPENED CONDITION AS DESCRIBED, AND WORKDED PERFECTLY FROM THE 
Love it. Very nice looking, close fitting with a backplate to fit either full size iPod. Screen and scroll wheel cover. The scroll wheel cover does not inhibit scroll wheel 
portable, good sound. Excellent speakers, good sound. Plenty of sound for a laptop, easily portable with a nice protective case. Especially important is that they don t require an additional 
Excellent Radio for Weather Hazards and Civil Emergencies. This radio is superb. It is easy to setup, and functions very well in our area. It has more options for user 
Paper great; Curls Not great. This is great paper for printing 4x6 pictures. I used it on my 785EPX and also on my 825. You can t tell the difference 
I like the extra aux inputs. Bought this for my old TV that has problem with the speakers. Virtually all micosystem type stereos have no additional AUX inputs other than 
D-Link ANT24-1400 14dBi Directional Outdoor Panel Antenna. This is a great product if you are looking to extend your wireless range  
Great Printer. This is a great printer to have around the home. The only thing that I didn t like about this printer is that you cannot print documents directly 
Bonnie s Review. The extension works great and is especially good for us as we live in the Everglades and don t get good reception from inside our house. My 
Solid. First off it worked great and is very nice looking small . This is the cheapest HDMI switch with 5-port I found, but also the most expense video switch 
Awesome!!. I love this printer scanner copier. It has made my life so much easier just to be able to copy scan something at home instead of having to do 
mindblowing. I have never heard such a phenomenal sound from such a reasonably priced bookshelf speaker in my life. The clarity and response is actually more pronounced than my larger 
Great deal. I was looking for an inexpensive printer that was MAC compatible. This one fits the bill perfectly. It s fast, quiet, and it hooked up to my Mac 
god little unit. I like how tiny this unit is, it takes up no useable space in my somewhat small office, since it attaches directly to the parallel port on 
Strong case, Should buy with oomputer purchase. The Brenthaven Edge II does the job. Back in the days of my old neoprene sleeve, every jostle movement exposed the computer to 
Five star quality picture and features, caution with the DVD open button. I picked up this player two days ago. Unfortunately, I had to return it once because the latch 
Amazing Sound for the Size!!. When I ordered this speaker dock, I wasn t expecting the quality and sound that this unit puts out. When I first hooked up my 
Bad rap isn t deserved for the iTrip. I was a little tentative to order the iTrip LCD because of some of the bad reviews I read. It seems like 
basic, light and expandable!. This is a great little mp3 player, simple as that! It s easy to operate, has the option of expandability, and won t break your heart 
Lens Adaptor for Canon A630 Digital Camera. This 52mm adaptor arrived very quickly in brand-new condition, and works precisely as expected and specified. I purchased 52mm filters locally, and have 
Great hub - just a few minor issues. PROSSmallCuteSelf-powered - comes with a power adaptor. I have 6 devices hooked up to it, including 2 USB Hard Drives, and it 
Monster Ultra High Capacity Batteries. This is a great purchase. I m very happy with the performance, quality and time to charge.  
v good product. Very satisfied with sound quality and ease of use. Before purchasing, I did believe that these were noise canceling. However, that is not the case. The foam 
Love My Walkman. I love this CD Walkman,especially the headset-or should I say ear plugs since it does not have actual head phones over your head. The sound is so 
Best Mouse I ve ever had. I hestitated buying this mouse, I didn t think the price was high enough to provide a great working mouse. It works so well 
Great media player. I m not someone that is hardcore ipod or hardcore microsoft. I just wanted a good media player that was simple to use and that had plenty 
liandyk. Just recived this Onkyo receiver. I had originally purchased it from Circuit City and tried it out at home. Purchase price was 269 I thought good . It sounded 
just what was needed!. I was using a Belkin 54G card & couldn t keep connected like another review I read that covinced ME to buy this one . I 
Way above average. I bought these for my elderly Father who doesn t hear very well. Lets just say, I m the favorite Son once again  
Nice drive. It is quiet and fast. Do make sure if you buy a used one to buy either the 1.0 TB Bigger Drive or the 2.0 TB Bigger Drive. 
Quick shipping and great product. received the product very quick and was in excellent condition. So glad I purchased it here and not in the store! Thank  
Good Value, but a little on the sensitive side. The sound is great. However, due to a short in my 2 front speaker wires, the receiver blew out within a 
Great product. The bluetooth dock is very good and the battery life per charge is excellent  
Excellent Expansion Station. I hooked up the unit with a HP Notebook and 17 LCD screen. The unit was able to be configured with the wireless keyboard and mouse pretty 
Be sure to pick the right software package. The first peron to review this incorrectly stated that it doesn t come with software for handhleds. That person chose to buy 
Computer to go. Bag is attractive and very sturdy. The computer fits securely and is well padded. I recently used it on a trip and was able to place other 
Excellent outlet surge protector. Color coding for the outlets on the product are not really necessary, but this thing takes all the stuff I have to plug in and is 
Great Product , fast delivery - instant solution. I was looking for an innovative product that could quickly and affordably destroy a large number of cd dvds. I work for 
USB Cable charges my Axim X51v. I haven t had it very long so I can t give it 5 stars, but it has the look and feel of original 
Cheap and effective. Works perfectly to connect my G4 iPod to my stereo receiver. After reading reviews good and bad of other products Apple, Monster I decided to try the 
Olympus VN3100 digital voice recorder. I love it. I use it in my college classes and record the professor s lectures. It works great, in fact several of my clasmates 
A pleasure to use for 2 years now, but it s getting old. It runs well right out of the box, has a friendly online menu and is fairly speedy. 
Amazing!. I am 100 satisfied with this camera as well. It is pricy; but its features and image quality are totally worth it. It has great range of motion and 
Good solution for the money. Burning stacks of discs and need storage? These big black binder will do the job at a good price. The pages are big and floppy. 
Huge money saver. I bought this charger with my digital camera almost two years ago, and I m still using the same batteries. It charges within a few hours, and 
Composite Video cables make a difference. Definite difference if you are using an HDTV the DVD picture is much clearer, only wondering if HDMI is even better? Only downside is, 
It works as expected. A fast card which works as expected.You don t know the difference a fast card can make, unless you swap to a slower one. Even a 
Great TV, erroneous feature analysis aside. I bought this TV earlier this afternoon for a couple of reasons: brand reliability, widescreen format, HD compatible, and the very wrong description that 
Great speakers at a great price. These speakers deliver a clear, crisp, and vibrant sound, with a richness expected of a higher-end speaker. I would recommend these to anyone interested 
Simple stand. It`s a simple stand,take your time putting it together,check the picture out in the directions.The stand is nothing fancy but its just a STAND No fine heigth adjustments 
Monster Cable MP SW 200 Subwoofer Power Stage. The purchase was made to protect my investment of a subwoofer that costed over 1000. The product is well worth the cost 
PIONEER PD-F407 25 Disc CD Player. Very pleased with my disc changer, would have been nice if the control buttons were illuminated. But other than that I can t complain 
Garmin eTrex Vista. This worked perfectly for connecting my Garmin eTrex Vista to update firmware and to reload the marine database, and save load area maps XP Pro .  
Not Perfect but Good. I ll start by saying this is our second one as the first one had to be returned due to a deffective screen. The new slider 
Question. This machine looks great. But from the product description, I can t be sure whether it has an auto document feeder, which is the main reason for me to 
does what it says. i didn t have any problems with this at all. there are a couple of important notes in the manual. like don t use it if 
It works!. I bought this volume controller for my mom for Christmas because she was constantly using the remote control to turn down the TV during commercials. Now she has 
Great calculator!. This calculator is excellent. It s very useful for geometry, algebra 2, pre-calculus, and calculus. Definitely worth buying  
Great Leather Notebook Case. Great seller, fast delivery. Best value for te price, in fact you cant find a better deal on the net  
Hewlett Packard No. 10 Ink Jet Cartridge Black . Large cartridge of intense black pinting ink. Had no trouble installing and using. I consider it excellent value  
Very handy. This watch is very easy and fun to use!Some features not listed in specs or previous reviews: water resistant to 30 meters, calendar, stopwatch, one daily alarm, an 
Much better than I would have thought. IE 3.0 is awesome at what it does. Low sensitivity gaming on a huge mouse pad.It is not so good at high sens.Build 
LP to Digital Recording. Very good product. You do need to use help menue for instructions because the paperwork that comes with it doesn t tell you a lot.Overall I 
U2 SE IPOD. Excellent, I enjoy it a lot. Its a finger print magnet like others have said. Other wise I enjoy it especially being a fan of U2 and 
universal pedal. Met my specs; rubber feet for nonslip, heavy-duty metal lever, sturdy cord to back of instrument, competitive price. recommended  
Finding your Way in the World. Everyone should have one of these - you never again have to ask directions - no matter where you are. It takes you from 
A perfect fit. Although this is not the same kit number as the one on Crucial s website, it worked perfectly in my MacBook. Took me 5 minutes to install. 
DYMO is Dynamite. I recently purchased the Dymo Letra Tag system to use in my small traveling craft business. It is a dream. The cartridges slide easily into the system 
A solid player from iAudio. Pros: Very tiny, lightweight. It s got iAudio s signature features, such as excellent sound output, fantastic EQ and DSP features, etc. The interface is 
Quality Cables that are woth every penny. I bought a few sets of these cables for my home theater. I loved the picture they brought to my 50 plasma tv....however, 
Peace of mind for the MacBook owners lovers !!!. Hi there,I am writing this review after having used the product for almost 2 months now. From the moment I bought 
Memorex 512MB Flash Drive. Have used the flash drive with my lap top and my desk top and it works very well. Used it to transfer data to quite a 
ok. I am using kingston flash card in my kodak digital camera and it works really good.  
Works on Linux. This mouse works great on my ubuntu linux laptop. The pointer acceleration was a little fast but i fixed that by changing the mouse options. What i 
Works as advertised!. My setup includes a home-built Windows XP with an Intel mainboard and a Power Mac G5, both fully updated. I m using a USB Mac keyboard and 
Beyond Outstanding. I bought my Sonos bundle from a local high end electronics dealer after doing a lot of online research. As a music lover, I was dying to go 
EXCELLENT!!!. A very good product. I ordered three of them and they all live up to their expectations. Im happy with them and happy with amazons service as well.  
NOT for iPods with protective covers. If your iPod has a protective cover e.g. skin, casing, etc. , then the iPod will not fit in the holder of this kit. 
A great product for the money!. I bought this to transfer my old VCR tapes to DVD and it worked great. It does take a little time to do since 
Great Product. Film Stick and reader shipped on time.Works GREAT.Reader very compact.In some cases you will need a cable to use the reader.Does not come with cable  
Very simple to install and configure. The original cd included with the adapter was bad so I contacted Belkin s Customer Service and they were happy to send out a 
Good device -- if only more apps supported it... Ah, gadgets. I m lucky enough to be able to justify most purchases such as this one with some obscure business 
Excellent!. This thing connects to everything I have and then some! Very impressive for Onkyo s entry level product. If you are new to the home theater game like I 
Finally a FM Transmitter that works. I like the fact the frequency can be changed using the ipod display.Yes there can be static during playback, but that is due to 
All in One. When I was looking for a 5 in 1 adapter for my newly purchased Zen Vision W; I came across this unit.It is manufactured by MP3Technology and 
Sansa FM Transmitter. Good product. You can select any station thats best for you. No complaints! If you find the right station, you could have close to CD-quality sounding music. 
Good, Cheap case. This fits 7 DVD players perfectly - don t even need to use the retention strap in the case because the player fits like it was made 
AWESOME bass, not comfortable... I struggled between this and the shure e2c. I decided on the e2c, after comparing also with the etymotics r6i and the ultimate ears superfi3. This 
Great Compact CB. This CB radio is excellent for small spaces. It does not have all the gadget features some other radios have but they aren t necesary anyway. The 
Very good but not perfect. I left a full review of the system under the Uniden CLX485, but I wanted to rate the handset as a standalone item. It would 
Laugh all the way to the bank!. Wow, another home run from Panasonic, along the same lines as their price-performance world-beater of a home theater receiver, the digital switching SA-XR55 
Excellent product !. I use it when I jog walk and it really keeps me in stride. My only problem is that Amazon does not have the arm bands but 
Great Large Format Printer. This is my fourth 11x17 printer, and the best of them by far. I use 11x17 only occasionally, but when I need it, I need it. 
Great product. I bought this for my laptop and have been very happy with it. I love the compact size. It s so easy to store in my laptop bag. 
Quiet, Effective, and Nicely Built. As the title says, this drive is everything you d wish for in a burner, and the Light Scribe functionality is nice to boot. The 
Easy to use but -. Easy to use, but cannot reference the dictionary when in another program which limits its use. A very good dictionary & thesaurus otherwise  
TV. I really like the TV but only one thing the volume control is set too low and sometimes hard to hear it has a good pictur  
Great stand!. This stand is fairly sturdy and provides a wonderful way for those who enjoy reading or are dedicated students to avoid hurting their necks and backs. It hold 
As Advertised. As homeschoolers, we were in search for a laminator that could help us preserve the various documents we woul be using year in and year out. The QuikFinish 
It is like part of me!. Ok, I got this as gift so I got nothing to lose right! Well, this little gadget will be my first open door to 
Great Product. I ve never written a review before but I see this product is getting a bum rap by some people who are upset that it doesn t have 
Great Buy. I was just looking for something to listen to music to while I worked out. This player is very basic, but for the money does exactl what it 
Audiovox XMC-10 XM Second Vehicle Kit for Xpress XM7 Satellite Radio Receiver. This is a good kit to have for the Audiovox Xpress. Besides installing it in a vehicle, you 
This is a good case. I have purchased this laptop case in Amazon and used it for 2 weeks. This is a good case, spacious enough to hold a big 
Flawless neighborhood solution. My extended family shares broadband over 3 houses using bridges routers. The most distant &lt;750 had a poor slow link until I installed this antenna. Speedtest became 
5 stars. little hard to figure out how to put in ears but once you do get it the sound is great and sound proof  
Wonderful Phone. I had a vtech 5 GHz phone and I needed another phone for my apartment. After looking at all the expensive 5 GHz phones, I finally decided to 
SVGA Monitor Cable. The product works absolutely great... i hooked my pc to my 50 lcd and did not lose any quality... a great buy at a great price  
Good Quality CD-Rs. I have had very good success with the Verbatim CD-Rs.Before using these, I had bought some of another well known brand. The others did not work well 
works as advertised. I have tried signal boosters in the past with limited success. This is the first one that works fantastically well. The improvement in picture quality is astounding 
Good buy. The cables are exactly what I thought they would be. They are extremely durable and well worth the price  
Pleasantly surprised. When I bought these I was mainly looking for a long enough cord to be able to put my MP3 player in my pocket. Not only is the 
Works with Linux Ubuntu 6.10, Atheros Chipset. This card worked out of the box on my Linux, Ubuntu 6.10 based system. This Belkin card--at least the version I have-- is 
Great audio interface at a great price!. Awsome for the price! This box is the key component in my home recording studio. Its a 24-bit interface and is up to 
great product. This product works great for the MacBook. It s better than the one they made for the iBook in that this one is thinner and more form fitting. 
Really nice picture. Recieved in 2 days, paid 116.99. Slim, lightwieght. Takes a little time to load but produces a really nice picture. Hooked up to my Yamaha RX-V1600 reciever 
This is great!. I put a TV in my kitchen but wanted to share the reciever with the TV in my room since I would hardly ever use both at 
Great product. Software needs a bit improvement. I bought this a few months back, and I use it mostly for playing WoW.PROS: Very high quality product, strong enough to endure 
Just perfect!. This keyboard is just perfect for me. I love the seperate numberpad. Everything works fine.  
cooooooooooool. this thing is totaly cool. i bought this for my friend and he was so happy he took me to taco bell. lol!!!its handy, keeps the ipod safe, and 
Very Satisfied. I have been using the Sansa mp3 player now for almost a year. It s a great item, especially for the price. Was very easy to download my 
Great Boom Box. I bought this item as a gift and the recipient in Texas loved it.I was there for a week and had the chance to observe it and 
Great Value. Works great with Reason 3.5 on Intel Mac. One key shows signs of problems...make sure you get one with even keys. Mine may be a fluke, but I 
All that I wanted and more!. I previously had the XM Roady and loved it, but I needed something portable that I was able to use at the gym also. 
Great Features - Slow Speed. The graph-link worked great for my TI-83 . One of my favorite features is that it supports all the calculators with the same program so 
Does the job for less money. I just can t see paying Apple a fortune for a cable that does exactly what this one does. The only reason it s 
BEST BEST BEST ADVICE. 1. FIRST OF ALL THE PLAYER IS REALLY REALLY REALLY COOL AND THE SPEAKER SOUNDS REALLY GOOD FOR THE SIZE IT S AMAZING THAT THESE LITTLE 
Excellent low priced stereo receiver. First my qualifications: I am older, with a large collection of vintage vinyl, and a love of on-air classical music. My stereo system uses two 
Awsome. This remote is great! I have a 50 panasonic plasma. Below it I have my cabnet with all my components hidden. So far so good. I have not noticed 
Hello Kitty CD Boom Box- She loves it!. This was purchased for my 2 1 2 year old granddaughter. She learned to use it very easily and loves it. She 
Good buy. If you have basic PC skills this remote is for you. With its USB connection you can basically make any button you want anywhere you want it. The 
Works great with serial Palms and new PCs. I bought this after Palm s own PalmConnect USB Kit failed to operate with my new Sony VAIO laptop with WinXP Media 
Slightly Annoying. I enjoy my keyboard and mouse set. It is comfortable to use and the scrolling function on the mouse is great.However there are two small drawbacks. First, both 
Completely happy. The Kodak SD Card which is a necessity for the Kodak digital cameras in my opinion, has been perfect. The cameras come with very little memory and this 
Great Item. My wife is an avid scrapbooking hobbiest. She loves scanning old pictures and slides, using the included Photoshop software to edit the images, then print out the pictures 
InkJet Cartridge. Great product at a great price. Super fast shipment - This is a great service  
Xrteme X-Fi hi-fi!!. First off, not a perfect product far from infact, takes a bit of tinkering to work right and the instructions arn t really clear. I had the 
HD Sling. Very nice add on to the Sling Pro. Video detail is much clearer  
KENS TOYS. GOOD SOUND AND COMFORTABLE FOR THE PRICE . LIKE THE FACT THAT THE CORD IS ON ONE SIDE AND DOES NOT GO AROUND YOU NECK  
Good P965 Chipset Motherboard. Although I ve only owned and used this motherboard for a few weeks, it definitely seems to be a good performer. Although it s missing some 
Something all Motorola owners should have. As far as sound goes, the Motorola 3.5mm headset adapter does not assist or hinder the quality of your music. Which is great, because 
Only little Pyramid that really works!. We also used the Remote Extender to control a camera at the back of a church. One we got from a National Retailer at 
Great Microphone. This microphone is uniquely designed and lays flat on your desk. It doesn t have to be near your mouth to pick up the sound clearly. Unlike other 
A Great Little Light. Light has solid, high-quality feel --nothing rattles when you shake it. I have had the same set of batteries in mine for about three years and 
I can t believe my eyes!!!. I had been searching for a dvd cd repair and cleaning machine everywhere. I went through one hand crank model and one Memorex powered 
works fine on these Mac s. first thing I did was reformat and partition, then I connected it to the USB 2.0 port on our Airport Extreme, and now all 
Great TV. This TV is everything I expected. The picture is great. I wasn t too sure about this pick of a TV at first. But when you watch a 
I Love It But. This is a great device, The 7 inch screen is big enough to view dvd s or Ipod Video s. The picture is very clear, just 
Perfect size. I use this surge protector for everything in my entertainment center. It is the perfect size to accommodate all electronics that I have.  
works great. Worked great for my 15GB ipod. Unpacked, plug in, put my ipod in, press play and I was good to go. Using it in a 12 x 12 
Great Ram at a great price. They work great on my computer. I really recommend this product  
Works great with my iBook G4 across the room... This nice little keyboard has zero problems waking itself or my Mac from sleep, and the touchpad is a great bonus 
great mp3 player. This player is easy to use, has great sound, and a much larger video screen than the ipod video. The only downside is that are no protective 
excellent cleaner. When you first look at this cleaner one can t think how simple! It looks like a Compact Disc with tiny brushes on it. My CD player was 
Great product & great price. This product worked just as described in the product specification. It took a second to install and it worked great with Microsoft Mappoint 2006. It 
Great case... other reviews are wrong about the 80 GB player. I have been using this awesome case for my 80 GB iPod since December. The other reviews are wrong 
Excellent Product. This product is perfect to have a slim carry on for your Sony camera. It probably will fit other brands also... But im glad for my purchase  
More function than iPod. I recently bought the iAudio 6 and am so far very pleased with its superior performance. I owned a 60GB iPod and am convinced that the 
Superb. These headphones are superb. The sound is great and I can hear very clearly even when there is a lot of noise around me. Thank you  
Good product without instructions. I purchased this product for my 3 yr old. He loves it and it works with most of his computer games to my surprise. It did 
Easy To Use, Non-Technical, & Solid Performance. This modem as far as 3Mb connections go - if you re paying for 5Mb don t buy it is the absolute best 
No way am I buying an accordion, you say? Think twice... Buying a kids accordion is probably something your average parent wouldn t even consider; most folks don t like 
Same problem. I placed my order on October 5th and for several days now it says the item is shipping soon which normally means it s being packaged but it 
This little clock has everything. This little clock has everything! It s compact, efficient, and stylish. All the controls are on the front, and labeled clearly for easy access. With 
Cheap but good. There are flaws with every case, and the belt clip is not this case s best feature. So if you re a guy and want to clip 
HK - High Kualiteeee. As in the title, my first impression on the HK unit was high quality all around, both materials used and the rich sound. I m sure 
Good Solid CPU but HORRIBLE CPU Heatsink. This is good solid CPU. Very fast, reliable and runs relatively cool by itself. I prefer this processor over Intel processors at times. 
Awesome Headphones. If you re looking for a high quality set of headphones without paying hundreds of dollars, this is it. This is the first pair of audiophile quality phones 
10 of pure whoop ass. I got this sub about a year ago and i have it hooked up to an old NAD reciever. Not even old technology slows this 
Consistently good performance!. I use these discs for data but not consistently for audio , and I ve never had a problem with one yet. No errors in the burning 
Worth it. Is it expensive?, yes it is!!!However, I was conecting my Ipod mini to my speakers with two cables, mini jack cable and power cable and it was very 
Good Product for 30 dollars. Good Webcam for the price. Nice resolution 1280X760 max for Video, I think this solely depends on your computer video graphics card , also has 
Great range and speed. Bought the pre-n to replace a malfunctioning 802-11b system. I am very impressed with the speed and range. Well worth the price  
great buy. nice i bought it for a birthday gift great price nice buy my niece loved i  
Works perfectly. So far I have only used the JetFlush for storing data and it has worked perfectly for me  
what to expect. All FM modulators are limited to 20-20khz bandwidth by the FCC.read: no lows and no highs, weak bass , weak upper treble like a symble crash .it 
Speed is an issue. I love the memory size of the card but however when you want to shoot withing a very shot time frame, the card is slow. An 
Review AMD Athlon 64 3800 Processor. Not much to say. It works, i have had no problems with it. My system is very fast now  
Great deal!. I love it! The armband and the case are both perfect for my needs; I ve used it everyday since it arrived. If you want the perfect item 
So Far, So Good!. I just received this drive today so I can t really comment on the long term durability and stability of the drive but the drive does 
VCR DVD Player Recorder. Easy to set up. Works great.I have not recorded with it as yet, but know it will be fine  
Keeping it cool in the summer !. This is wounderful for those hot summer days  
Great product!. I have no problems with this product. The walls in my house are cement and I still get a strong signal at the other end of the house. 
Hard to find product. It is a hard to find battery, but i got a good deal, very good price and fast shipping  
Wireless gaming is the best. The controller is exactly like the Microsoft controller so the transission is easy plus the freedom of being up to 30 feet away from the 
Great Headphones. I love these headphones!! Very durable and comfortable. great bass, mids and highs. I ve ony had these headphones for 3 months now and i absolutely recommend them 
My 1st IPOD. This is the 1st IPOD I ve ever had, and i ve been using it constantly since purchase 3 months ago for gym, work, commuting, planes . 
Sonos CR 100. The price of the contoller is my only concern. The unit does it s job very well, and allows fine tuning of all SONOS function in all 
They Do the Job for this Professional. I m a radio announcer and have used this model for years at work provided by employer. Finally decided to buy a pair 
Need this for Audigy 2 ZS Notebook. If you have the Audigy 2 ZS Notebook sound card, you need this for optical audio, one for input and one for output. 
Great Notebook Case. The only reason I didn t give this item 5 stars is because I have only taken it on the road once, so as of yet I 
Great produce. I know this is not the highest-end product on the market, but I needed something to fit a specially sized space -- which it does. It fits, it 
Very Good replacement but expensive. In my opinion this is a very good replacement but is expensive in compare with the price of the whole resurfacing equipment of the same 
Great Deal on Zen. Great buy for the price! Zen 1Gig has a great user interface for music and if you have a Windows Media player 10.0 or newer it 
very ergonomic. I work as a web designer and my mouse is a very important tool for me. I needed good precision and a confortable mouse to work with more 
A great entry-level jump drive. I have a pretty old computer with USB 1.1, and it works beautifully. No drivers to install, and it s cross-platform compatible Mac to Windows, 
Pioneer still has what it takes. I was trying to stay away from home theatre receivers but as things turned out I had to have one for Blu-Ray.For the money 
Quality Conections. Easly crimps to wires, using plyers.wont pull out of terminals as easy as a bare wire. The only impovement would be if they could have added an extra 
Just perfect becomes awesome. I got this remote and loved it from moment one. Simple and easy. Now I have a Harmony 550 remote that replaces the Keyspan remote... plus 
Great Headphones! Great Price!. Most in-the-ear headphones hurt my ear if I wear them longer than 5 minutes, so I was really happy that these don t rely on staying 
Excellent and portable memory card reader. I love the design and the size of this memory card reader. Very portable and works great. Reads pretty much all memory cards that 
Excellent but pricey!. This is a very good cartdrige for a very good printer. The one problem is the cost of the consumables. The ink cartridges are expensive compared witht 
Backup of my computors. This appears to be a good piece of equipment. I hav nt had any major outages as of yet but a minor fluctuation was handled very 
Hard working head phones. I m 15 and I love listening to music. But I m also clumsy and unorganized. When I got a mp3 player a year ago, I 
Case Logic no longer sells these - so Amazon does!. Whenever you buy one of those binders - it never comes with enough pages in it. Case Logic, while still 
Anything to avoid hiding wires.... Haven t had any of the other problems reported by other reviewers. Granted, my receiver is only 8 - 10 feet away from the stereo, 
It does the job, but does it need to... This is the official adaptor for an Apple mini-DVI connection to a VGA input. Cheaper than available from the Apple Store 
The flat screen that fit. I wanted a flat screen to fit into an antique armoir and one that would still give me a great picture. This little tv does 
Great Purchase. Product arrived quickly in great condition. Works great and I have no complaints. Would buy from this vendor in the future  
Great Headphones!!!!. I had a really cheap set of wireless headphones but the headphones broke. So I started to look for another set. I had three requirements when I went 
Spectacular image plus striking design. After reading tons of info, checking critics recommendations and comparing monitors online, I went to check them out at a CompUSA store. After seeing some 
Say goodbye to alkalines!. Replaced a set of four 2500 mAh cells in my battery munching camera with these Eneloops and could not beleive the difference. Don t let the 
Must have!. This item is a must have for XM radio ownwers. Why be stuck to having the radio in the car only, when you can hook up the unit 
FAVORITE FOR PRE-WORK OUT SNACK. PERFECT FOR LATE NITE OR WORK OUT SNACK  
Great Motherboard. I looked at the Asus 680 motherboards and compared them to the EVGA. For the price, the EVGA is a much better deal. Sure there are bells and 
Amazon makes a deal. HP 38 inks are very high-priced, so the Amazon price combined with super saver shipping is the best deal available. As for the ink, as it 
Great Customer Service!. I messed up in ordering, customer servive really came to the rescue. They reinforced my feelings for a very well run site.The picture card is great also, 
Great concept but killed by a poor build. Update to my original 5 star review: lose 2 stars for poor build quality. The sliding button at the top is very 
HP Q2613X Maximum Capacity Toner Cartridge LaserJet 1300 Series Printers . cheapest price for quality with fast delivery  
just right. I have a HP DV2220us and this fits just right. Has about 1 2 inch to spare on the width and is snug on the length. Thickness is 
Fantastic, general purpose earphones. I find these earphones fit much more comfortably than the standard iPod ones - a little more snugly, too. The sound quality is quite good, definitely 
Very Fine Product. If you want a high quality S-Video converter, then search no farther. I bought this little guy, tried it, and said Hit the road! to my bulky 
The Best and Most Consistent Blank Audio Cassettes. I prefer Audio Cassette Tape Recording over CD recordings. I find the sound to be richer, more dynamic and much more consistent 
Customer report. I had a Matrox parhelia card which permitted gaming on three monitors. It was slow and there were no upgrades. Triplehead is a device that attaches to your 
best gps device. First time buyer of GPS device and I certainly do love how the capabilities of Garmin Nuvi 670, from giving directions to accurately pin point the exact 
excellent product. This portable cd holder is perfect for me. I work out regularly and it has been perfect for the gym. My cd player fit fine and there are 
Great little device. I bought this device because I wanted to see my rides on Google Earth. That said, this device does not disappoint. With Sport Track software - forget 
Long Distance Champ even outdoors. I set up this antenna to connect two buildings together. For a strsight shot with clear line of sight I have max connection, even in 
WHY. Well. I got my samsung early which was great. But i take it out of the box and boom. The stand is busted. So it just holds the tv 
Midland GXT650VP4 Radios. I like the Midland GXT650VP4 Radios,I used them for hunting,The Radios pick up real good in the woods.I like the five different Animal sound  
Excellent In-Ear Canalphones for Ipod Used CX-300 s, ER-6i s . After breaking my CX-300 s due to it s thin cord I decided to try out the ER-6i s. 
SD Memory Card is a wonderful device!. The advancements in technology never cease to amaze me. They continue to get smaller and smaller even when you didn t think it 
Great product overall. I have been really happy with products from Lexmark, especially the cost, as Amazon seems to have better prices on their ink cartridges for the photo printer 
RhinoSkin case. I had the Palm Vx purchased in 1996 or so and was lucky enough to learn about Rhinoskin as a product. I had my Palm in their hard 
All my colleages want one!. All I can say is that I am very happy with this product. It does exactly what I want it to do  
Not just for gaming. I bought this keyboard originally for the LCD screen and the wide range of possibilities that exist with programming it for various games I play. I 
Phone is nice but mic is poor. This phone is very good. Easy to setup and use. The only complaint is that the mic used for hands-free does not seem 
Great Way to Add Wireless Support to an Existing Wired Network. Pros: Provides 802.11a in addition to 802.11g b, wireless standards can be separately enabled disabled, good range, nice complement 
Good Deal!!!. Order this to try and save on money since I didnt need a whole lot of outlets, I pluged my computer to it and TV. On a full 
Like it. I m perplexed that J Liu s excellent review didn t get a 100 helpful rating from readers. I do not have as much experience with digital recorders 
Showcase Video 30. Great produt. Very sleek design and the rubber does a great job of preventing it from slidding around on slick scrfaces. Would be great if they offered 
Perfect for Ipod MINI. This simply works! Leave your ipod on your backpack and the remote control on your pocket and you re good to go my friend! The fact 
zen v plus. i love the weight and size. it s very small, fits in my front pocket, and holds a ton of music. the graphics are amazing, though i 
THESE SPEAKERS ROCK!. These speakers are most excellent. They have great sound and they fit right in my pocket. They plug right into a regular headphone jack so they re 
Beware: Don t order this for the iPod Photo. This system worked great for my 40 GB iPod. The carrying case and interchangable plug-ins are nifty for international travellers. A 
Pretty Great. I recently bought this stereo for my living room. I m very very satisfied. It was pretty easy to set up. The sound is also very wonderful. The 
Best Fast Worlwide charger. I liked this charger so much that I ended up ordering a second unit. Premium solid performance in addition to 3 years warranty! I called Lenmar 
The DR400 Brother Drum. The DR400 drum for Brother Printers provides crisp and clean printing. Comparing the printing of the Brother HL1240 using the DR400 drum to one of the 
XM Radio Receiver Holder. My son recommended this product to me because he was happy with it. The product has a suction cup that holds securely to the window. The 
Great value, but CLICKS. This is a good receiver for the money and I purchased it after doing a fair amount of research. However, if you are going to use 
The best pair of light headphones. I have used these headphones consistently for the past four years - they are by far the most comfortable headphones I have ever worn.Aside 
10.2 Compatible. This seems to be the only gamepad out there with Mac 10.2 software for customizing buttons, at least in this price range. Believe me I ve researched everything 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
Great product. This product has been great so far. Very portable and easy to use  
Panazonic = Amazing. amazing sound for such a small compact unit, cool door that hinges out to open folding in the center. very sleek look picks up a lot of 
Works very well. I bought 2 of this and its works very well in my home and in my office  
Connect your laptop or Ipod to Stereo. Use this to connect your laptop or Ipod to your Stere  
Linksys EZXS16W. Device was a breeze to set up, 20 minutes from in the box to on my network, and has worked as advertized since I plugged it in..  
Reliable and Durable. These and Fuji are the best CDRs on the market. Very few bad disks in the batch. The price seals the deal!  
Zen Micro Is still one of the most versital players. I have Had many MP3 players but always go back to my Zen Micro. I am using a 6gb that 
Excellent design. I bought this bag as a replacement for another roller bag for my 17 laptop and was surprised at how compact the design is and how weight conscious 
great microphhone. OK,i got this mic 2 days ago.it is awsome.i can stand one foot awayfrom it and speak in a normal voice,it works great...GO BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
games do not impliment the clutch pedal feature great for Hard truck series though unlike all others . Supposedly someone listened at the Logi office of the NASCAR MOMO discontinuation 
Dog loved it.... These are great in ear buds that have some noise canceling properties. They are great to use out doors when doing chores around the house. In fact 
Affordable and reliable. I purchased this USB light fan combo mainly for the fan. I m one of those guys who is a human heater -- always a little warmer 
Almost perfect. These earphones are great quality. The sound is good and they fit comfortably in the ear once you get used to them. Two minuses make them only 4 
Sony MDS JE 480. If you like minisdiscs, this is a good recorder. The earlier version 500 series had more features. I miss the headphone jack, but like the SF 
Teac R-H500 Nifty little deck. Just what I was looking for. Seems these are hard to buy. Works good! I would like to find the CD deck to go along 
works great. I bought this for my husband so he can listen to his favorite music in the car. He loves it. It does everything it is supposed to do 
Notebook case. I ordered this notebook case and I have been very happy with it. It is able to accommodate my large notebook as well as all the other stuff 
Works great. I have had this for four months now. Not only am I using it for my satellite service, but it also sends the IR signal for my DVD, 
The sound!. The TV is great, the image is very clear, can watch your photos from the SD card easily, but the best thing is the sound!! The speaker system 
so good ill by a new one. its a good dvd player for plane rides car trips ect. soooo good i had it for 6 months and it never failed 
Once you get it to work, it does the job!. I ve read all the warnings and the angry messages, and decided to go ahead and try it anyway, assuming 
Flawless 10 Key Input. I am currently running an online business. The expandability that this piece of equipment provides for our laptops is a great asset.  
Mac OS X software works OK. Since I m a Mac user I waited until the Garmin Training Center software was available for Mac OS X before unboxing my 305. 
No problems with these disks. I have had no problem using these disks. I have bought several packs and all disks seem to work and have been great in transferring 
Remote location antenna. I purchased two of these for about 70 each. Each serves a different receiver. They were bought at Amazon and I received them promptly. My home is 
Breif Review. I ordered 3 APC Back-UPS ES 500s on the recommendation of an employee of mine who used to work at APC. I ve had them for about a 
Nice sounding, small MP3 player. If your looking for a small necklace style MP3 player you cant go wrong with the iAudio T2. I use it everyday at work and 
Samsung HDTV 42 DLP. The previous reviews are similar to mine. All one has to do is watch the Discovery HD Theater and immediately they will realize what a great 
LOGITECK EXTREAME 3 D PRO. VERRY GOOD STICK. VERRY GOOD FOR FLIGHT SIMULATOR FLYING GAMES. I HAVE THREE OF THEM AND THEY ALL WORK VERRY WELL  
SuperStick is Super. Not onley was the price right, but the size of this flash drive is like no other. There are no con s to this product. If you 
AWESOME. Just wish there were more or removable memory... I have nothing but GREAT things to say about this TINY, attractive little recorder, esp. since this is my first DIGITAL 
Excellent alternative to paid subscription. Set-up was easy. Instruction book was too lengthy. TV guide loaded without a hitch. Great alternative to paid subscription. Recording features are easily navigated. I 
Roomy - lots of pictures. I use this storage card in my Canon SD 600. Get 968 MB of useable space on my camera. A 1GB card is necessary for 
Excellent Card Value. This is an excellent buy and is a quality item. The service was fast and the card works as expected  
Works great. This cable works like a dream. I use it to watch movies that are on my laptop HP ZV6000 and send them to my TV. I got a 
Music ED. This product is Plug and Play simplicity and has performed extremely well in the classroom. The timer is an added benefit that I appreciate as a specialty teacher 
Four different issues, One great CD player. Before getting the DNF430, I owned the DNF420 version and was very happy with its performance. But, there were four different issues with 
Great batteries for cheap!. All the things I own digital camera, cd player... eat up batteries really quickly. I m psyched to finally find AA for cheap  
Cute and Functional. This was an impulse buy for me. My touchpad always got in the way when I was typing a paper. I was considering buying just some mini 
very pleased. i was surprised at the size of the box, smaller than i expected . i was also surprised that it was easier to put together than what seemed 
IS THIS COMPATIBLE WITH WINDOWS VISTA?. i m thinking about buying this becasue i have to buy a new mother boardbecause i bought vista but it s not compatible , 
its sweet. this dvd system is sweet the sound system is off the hook its worth your Doller  
cd storage. the item was described accurately; fits my needs perfectly. do wish it had some double slots...  
How many pictures will it store?. How many pictures will it store? It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the 
Great Storage Cabinet. Hard to find these at stores since they hold 1080 CD s and free shipping from Amazon made this a great purchase for the serious collector! I 
Last DVI cable you will need. This DVI cable works well with my computer and lcd monitor. The cable is thick and appears to be solidly constructed. At ten feet, 
Pretty good. The headphones work pretty good. Good sound quality. Only con I see to this point is that the band cannot be adjusted so it can feel as though 
Awesome sound. I ve owned several sets of the original Soundsticks, and purchased this set for my wife s new Intel iMac. As always, the sound is amazing and plentiful, 
Great speakers. I did a lot of research on speakers, I wanted something that didn t dominate the living room, and that would even look nice. These speakers are perfect. 
It WORKS!!!. In as few words as possible: it simply works!! Best KVM Switch ever. The best of all.. it even switches USB ports. It does however, take a couple 
Just Needs One More Thing. Works very well.It would be even better if there were a counter included  
Great productivity tool!. This was my second CardScan system, both have been great. I purchased this one more for the new software than the scanner. I needed the new software 
Great System. Strengths: sound, design, controls, 5CD changer, compact designWeaknesses: remote is not well designed all buttons the same size , doesn t recognize folders on CDsSummary: I was shopping 
Great. I got my batteries , A great product and a great priceThank You I will buy again  
Deskjet 6980dt-great product. I read some of the reviews about installation issues and they concerned me initially. But, when it came time to get the printer up and running on 
AT&T Cordless Phone. This phone is fabulous. Not only was it easy to set up, but the clarity is great. It is very light weight and can be mounted on 
Kodak 512MB SD card. I ve found that Kodak sets high standards when choosing the suppliers of it s SD cards. Most SD cards can store digital images without any 
Great Case. I have had my iPod video 30GB for about a week now and I decided to buy a case for it since it was already getting scratched, even 
1 GB Secure. Working perfect, amazing the amount of space in pictures you can have!!Great product, more than enoug  
Top rate!. After doing extensive reaseach for an external DVD burner, I decided to go with Sony s current fastest burner. Sony has a terrific reputation for quality and as 
This is a niche product, and Sony s is the best out there at this price. Others have stated the pros and cons well. Concerning reception--ours is better than mediocre. 
 Mini H T. As most should already know; these are purely for mini multi-channel systems; particularly in a bedroom or very small den viewing room when under a very 
On Time And Correct. I was suprised at how fast my order was placed and delivered.Please keep up the good work  
Multi Segment Routing. I bought this unit to use in my delivery truck for multi-segment routing. So, we can setup waypoints for many points and then map out the route 
Great sound....Great price. The sound you get from these earphones is incredible! The way they fit your ears helps to isolate the noise. The level of bass output from these 
Woked very well for me.. As an old D-Link user I found no surprises, or problems with this unit.I did not use it as a repeater, only an access point. 
This is my 3rd ipod. I had a 1st generation shuffle and upgraded to a 60gb video which I adore! However, I found that whenever I went running I was 
Great hub that actually works!. D-Link s 7-port hub works perfectly -- you plug it into a USB port and it s ready to roll. It s that simple.  
Great Pictures. Small and portable with great pictures to boot. LCD screen is a little small, but what can you expect for 50  
good sound nice form factor. The iStation7 is an excellent product. For it s size and weight, it delivers strong high quality audio. The ability to use AA batteries make 
3.5 Millimeter Mini to 2 Female RCA Adaptor. What can I say? It s a cord, it works. You ll most likely need this if your going to link your 
Saved Money over Other Retailers. I compared this product at several different retailers and Amazon had the cheapest price. I only wish they sold a 6 ft cable  
iSkin eVo3 60GB iPod Review. I still haven t figure out why Apple decided to make such an easily scratchable housing for their iPod. Probably so we can all buy 
AMAZING. A MUST BUY. Wow. I was convinced to buy this because of my friend, but I had no idea how fantastic the service was until I tried it. Now, 
Excellent cable. Don t overpay for the expensive monster stuff. This cable is great. The Y would be very helpful if you need both left and right. I didn t, 
Excellent. I use these at the gym and find them to be comfortable, sturdy and compace\. Exactly what I was looking for  
Some Here Apparently Don t Get It. I m surprised at the reviews I see here.I bought a pair of these speakers for one reason and one only: I ve 
Something that actually works great. I had read other good reviews and will add mine to it. It might be a bit big, but that wasn t an issue for 
Mini Disc equipment. I have now 4 pcs Mini Disc equipmentTwo shelf recorders one high end and two portables.I am a fan of this fantastic equipmen  
As Advertised. Works as it should. It s enough for my needs and handles simultaneous activity on all ports well. Not an unbearable dropoff in performance while say, transferring huge 
Quality cassette adapter. I agree with the others that have provided a favorable review. I am pleasantly surprised with many aspects of the product. It feels like a quality product. 
For the money, and excellent unit. If you are lloking for a decent turntabnle, this fits the bill.  
Car, boat or anywhere!. This makes your ipod something you can take with you on a trip; it ll charge most devices that need a USB cable socket for power 
GOOD PRICE - GOOD DEAL. I HAVE PLUGED 3 USB CONNECTION HP ALL IN ONE, OPTICAL MOUSE, 1GB PORTABLE USB I HAVE USED THE PRODUCT FOR 1 MOUNTH WITH NO 
simple physics. I m using Monster optical cable as well, but with different reasons behind. Anybody with a basic knowledge of physics or optics should know that under normal condition 
FujiFilm 256 MD xD Picture Card Type M. Perfect picture taking, great storage, love this card  
3rd Grade Math. DISenchanted needs to check their elementary school math. 33 cents per page?? And this person is making purchasing decisions? OMG!Based on today s prices:Q5949A: 64.78 2500 pages 
Nap feature and extendable snooze make this a winner. One thing I don t like about this clock radio is that it doesn t have a backup battery. Currently I 
Great Elecronic Version. I did a lot of research before buying an electronic version and this game and this one seems to be the best one. Other than no backlight, 
Excellent for hooking up to a Sound Blaster Audigy. I purchased this cable as a replacement for a similar cable purchased from another vendor.Since the target was my sound card, 
Best Cheap Headphones Ever!!!!. These headphones sound pretty good and are also comfortable. I bought five pairs because they were so cheap and I wanted the free shipping. Anyway I 
Does what it is supposed to. This is a good product but I cannot go all the way and say that it is great because I am not an audio 
Boombox for boomers. This is a fine boombox for boomers who have an old collection of tapes but are also getting into CDs. Good sound, easy to operate. The radio 
Epson S4 3LCD Projector. This projector is excellent for presentations Powerpoint and showing DVD s. The autosensing for computer or S Video makes it easy to switch from one to 
Good quality for a cheap price. I ve had this printer for about 3 months. I do a good amount of printing and still have nearly half the catridges left 
Garmin 2820 Best Choice. We chose this unit for the diversity it offered. We use it in our truck but also mount it on the motorcycle. It works well on 
Leadsinger Karaoke Song Cartridge. J&R Music and Computer World did a great job of sending my order to me fast and I would do business with them again, because they 
This is a must have!. Product works as expected and I don t see a different in download speed or charging time  
WORKS EXCELLENT. After reading reviews on every brand sold at Amazon I picked Pioneer since it was about the only brand that didn t have any complaints. I have only 
Best mic for the price. I bought this mic to use for presentations to approx. 50 people regarding financial investments. Both speakers learned how to use it in less than 
If you are looking for an all-purpose Scanner this is the one to buy. Having logged over two million miles as an over-the-road truck driver and a radio junky I 
Lowrance iWay 250 GPS. I have found that my GPS comes in handy to travel to my grandson s hockey games, as well as other traveling. It was one of 
Mean, green blue , fighting machine. Wow. Graphire makes an exellent tablet. Pen is very smooth on the cover for the tablet which can be removed so you can place 
product as ordered, great deal!!. We are very happy with our TV wall mount. It was a great deal and was exactly the item we were looking for! Fast delivery 
Good Price - Good Support. Selected this product primarily because of other reviews and the warranty period. If they warranty it for 5 years, it must be pretty reliable. None 
Velocity HDMI 6.5ft. Cable. Very reasonable price, fast dlvy. easy connection, 1 HDMI cable provides both HD Video & audio signal and allows you to remove all the RCA cables. 
Allowed me to use my Sirius Home Radio. An excellent extension if needed for your indoor Sirius Satellite Radio system.I found the antenna that comes with the home unit for 
Loved the radios. We purchased these radios for use by our children when they go out of the house. They are very easy to operate, have great reception and were 
Works as advertised. Great price for the length of the cable 25ft ...works well with Samsung Plasma and Panasonic home theater Syste  
Good for the Price. TV has great color and clarity. The remote is very cool that the buttons glow in the dark. I would definately purchase it again  
Excellent unit for field or stealth recording. I am a part-time musician and am always looking for something small and portable to record practices and concerts. For many years, I 
Must have for Graphics. Great tablet pen & wireless mouse combo and a must have for anyone doing any kind of photo editing or design work. Looks elegant next to 
Great mount for Roady XT. This product works very well as advertised. Fits perfectly in my 2007 Camry without interfering with the automatic transimission shift. I was hesitant to spend 
Meets my home office needs. I purchased the LJ3390 to replace an existing LJ3320. The 350 rebate available until the end of Oct was the deciding factor as it made 
Capacity meter sets this apart from the crowd. This is more expensive than similar USB drives, but the only one so far with a capacity meter. I m a gadget 
Does the job. I have an older laptop that really gets hot when holding it on my lap, bought the Chill Pad and was surprise how the two little fans 
Good little receiver. I have several shortwave radios, but this has become the one I use the most because of it s small size, generally good performance and ease of 
A notebook case for the lifetime. Looks Professional, lot of room, good leather, strong , durable and nice quality work. A small problem is the velcro s placement for protection, 
mounting kit review. The mounting kit installed easily and is holding a pair of Bose 151 speakers. It works well for what I need  
High Quality Protection. This flat screen power device provides protection from power surge. The quality of this product is comparable to other Monster equipment, as expected better than most. The 
Lots of viewing room!. I am really pleased with this purchase. The display is crystal clear and it is great to have the extra viewing size. You can view 2 
How many pictures will it store?. How many pictures will it store? It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the 
Great GPS for the price. I am an avid snowmobiler and needed a GPS to help navigate the wooded trails in the winter. Ilookaed at alot of GPS s and 
READ HERE FOR INSTRUCTIONS. Great product with good picture and audio, but TERRIBLE instructions both in the package and on Monster s website, so it only gets 4 stars. To 
Good, but could be better. On the good side - it does the job quite well. Good graphics. Clear verbal instructions.On the bad side: There were times when it seemed 
protects, pratical, and stylish. I like the magnetic clasp, appearance, and protection this case offers. I don t like the face that I have to remove it from the case 
It does have force feedback, but weak in my opinion. I bought two of these wheels last month and I m about to order 2 more I m setting up 
LINKSYS COMPCAT USB 4 PORT HUB. Item was received in good condition- on time and works well  
Be careful with multifunction printers. I bought this device as a server for my Epson CX6400 printer. Installed easily and worked seamlessly for about 3 weeks. Then the Epson died 
Great Device. I just got my Minidisc player in the mail today. Works great. I haven t messed around too much with the software yet, but I put a 40 
Digital Memory Card. I was impressed with the quality of pictures I got with this memory card. I have a very inexpensive camera but the pictures are terrific  
Sandisk xD Type M 2GB Card. Just as good as it is!!! Very huge storage space for 8MP or 6MP digital cameras  
Excellent Choice for Portable Listening. I just purchased one via amazon.com and the shipping of the product was prompt.With the exception of a few dead spots,I had continuous music as 
works great. really like the chill pad. Keeps my laptop cool!! does its job and i would recomend it to anyone.Lizz  
Unbelievable. This product is wonderful. I have had it for about a month and use it with Adobe Photoshop CS2 and Corel Painter IX and it still amazes me. In 
It s HOT!. It works and has decent quality video but it runs hot. It s not hot to the point where you cannot touch it, but I don t 
cd case holder. Was as I expected it to be. Received the product in a very short time. Would not hesitate to order from this company again  
Fantastic card - unbeatable price. I bought this SimpleTech card in early 2003 and have had great results with it. I have shot over 34,000 pictures on it using my 
2 gb Olympus xd memory card. Received exactly what I ordered at a fair price  
Easy to setup, quality results. I purchased the Squeezebox to listen to FLAC encoded files from my Olive Musica music center. After waiting for over a year for the non 
Strong, Durable and Reliable. I bought this mount for a philips 42 plasma TV. The TV weighs probably about 100LBs.I thought the price for it was OK, but i don 
great!. i like everything about this keyboard. i would definatly reccomend it and i dont even use the goofy G keys  
I like the wider tape!. I got hooked on the Brother P-Touch label maker at work, and even though I could borrow it occasionally for home use and not have 
Good Stereo Receiver. I already have an Onkyo receiver as my home theater receiver and have been immensely satisfied with it. I decided to go with Onkyo again when setting 
Good performance for 150; but cheaply made in China . I ve owned many Sony electronics in the past and have always liked their styling and functionality -- lots of 
No problems here. This DVD player works fantastic! Fast loading, fast responses, and lots of features to fine-tune your picture! Make sure you get a HDMI cable or component cable 
great but missing the clicky feel to the rolly wheel. Yes I m over 13 and I said clicky and rolly . Only 4 stars because the rolly wheel is 
Great compact stereo system. I m very happy with this desktop system. Great sound, great reception, great price  
TV is better than you think. Obviously, the guy K.O. who wrote the post saying their TV had a grainy picture knows nothing about HD TVs displaying in a non-native 
The NuLOOQ Device is a must have!!!. I bought a NuLOOQ when it first came out for the Mac. I ve been an Illustrator & Visualization Artist for 17 years 
SD256 flash card for Canon Video Camera. We needed an extra card right away and were happy that we paidfor the fastest, overnight delivery option. The card came in time, 
Good For Center Channel as well!. My New Samsung DVD 5.1 system has TWO output wires for Center Channel...I just had to upgrade the Center Speaker because we couldnt hear 
Just like anything else----it s all about common sense. Let s face it, when you do shopping for something, you do shopping . When you go to a stake house, 
memory. Typical of Garmin, decent product, but overprice  
Nice and Compact. This fits my Coby Portable DVD player with a 7 screen nicely. It has a velcro strap to hold down the portable player as well as other 
Just What I Needed!. I use my notebook computer the way most people use a desktop computer - constantly and in one location. I already deal with neck and back 
Great sound, and indestructible!. I ve been using these earbuds for several months now, and they re far better than the ones that come with the iPod. They re more 
Exeeded My Expectations. I live in the country, about 50 miles northeast of the Quad cities area, in Illinois. I wasn t expecting any good signal, at all, but to 
Amazing quality--lots of features for the money. The voice quality on handset and speakerphone is excellent. The backlit keypad is nice and distinctive ring feature was a welcome surprise. This 
Works as I hoped. I read other people s reviews recommending its functionality but complaining about its documentation. It did take me a number of tries to get it to 
Excellent gadget!. If you are an ipod fan like me, you are going to love this item.You can control most ipod funtions, including the volume.The remote control is more than 
Works quite well with my old mini.... Works quite well with my old mini. Loved it!  
Great Drive Ever. I have had 2 different brands of flash drives. One was a lexar that i went through 2 in about a 4 month span. I have 2 
Trust me -- Do NOT buy an FM Transmitter. I live in San Jose -- a big city with over a million people and a TON of radio stations -- 
Great product. It s the fastest and most realiable SD card I ever used. I heard SanDisk has released a newer one that s even faster, but this one is 
I almost sent it back. I wanted to access my Okidata Laser 5200n with wireless notebooks and my HP desktop. I have the Belkin PreN in a room that is 
It s So Good I am Buying Another One. I noticed there are several reviews on various products here, but this review is on the Panasonic DMR-ES10S the S is 
works fine. This selector works just fine. The impedance protection is a nice feature, and it is elegantly simple. The pushbuttons and indicators are manual, which is neat, actually- that 
Good drive. Amazon service was fast. Drive installed easily and is working well after 3 weeks  
Great Remote!. This remote is nicely designed and easy-to-use. It s sleek and sophisticated without looking crazy space-age like. In terms of use, it s easy to set-up and easy 
Amazon products are Amazing. Hi,Its very nice .RegardsGuna Sekhar.SingunMs.Saritha.Naminen  
Oh yeah!. Wow, what nice sound from these little buggers! Usually most bookshelf speakers sound a little thin, but man these pack a wallop! Now, I m using them in 
Great for my dSLR!. I bought this card to use with my Nikon D70 strange, only D70 owners seem to be giving reviews for this card The camera can see 
Great component shelf. Exactly what I was looking for: great build quality, easy installation, and good looks  
Great dock for display. The dock makes it very easy to keep your Zune displayed in a room very nicely. I keep it plugged into my stereo and it is 
It s great!. I bought it based on other Amazon reviews and the price. I figured for the price, if it is mediocre then so be it. But, actually, I 
Great card, especially when in use with the DIR-655!. First of all this is a receiver of a wireless signal, NOT a transmitter! The guy above A.K. Smith buddyroo has 
Excellent Pedals with a minor distraction. As far as the pedals go, these are excellent for the price. Why didn t they get 5 stars? They have a detent the 
Linksys KVM2KIT is great product. Linksys KVM2KIT is a great product.Easy to install. : Does work as descibed in product manual.I would recomend this product  
PHR-100AF: Quiet external firewire hdd. These enclosures have served me well.I bought a couple of these Macally PHR-100AF FireWire 400 enclosures after the IDE connector on my motherboard went bad. 
Best deal. It is an awesome product. Easy to install and get up and running. No problems enxcountered with this item. Received in the 3-5 day shipping window as advertised 
No difference in speed btw H and M for Fuji cameras. I called Fujifilm technical support 1-800-800-3854, option #1 today and their tech support said there is no difference in 
Great rear surround speakers. After purchasing the Polk RC65i speakers as my side surround speakers, I had to go with these as the rear surrounds on my 7.1 system. I 
Stay in the ears well, look good. Got these for the gym, and for listening to webcasts at work. Certainly work as advertised for earbuds--they stay in the ears very 
Hoping for the best. I am very leery about these flat screen monitors. However, I am enjoying the Sony very much. I bought a Pixo, and it blew out in 
I totally recomend this item!. This is a great case for your ipod mini. It s not only so cute, but also really cheap and does it work perfectly. It 
Great discs for everyday burning!!. I ve been using the silver data TDK s for a while now, and I ve had no problems, they are reliable and they sound 
Epson Storyteller Photo Book Creator. This is an extremely easy to use program and it s quite a lot of fun to work with! The end product is a stunning 
Excelente Bolso. Caracteristicas que lo hacen excelente:- Espacioso.- Ligero- Protege el laptop- Duradero.Tal y como siempre se han categorizado los productos de TARGUS.EXCELENT  
a good buy. used them several times in the alps and the rockies. they worked great on the same sides of the mountain. if it was much more spread out, 
Microsoft is the best. I am in the same boat as many others here. I ordered the set in March, and immediately noticed the keys were flimsy and my spacebar 
no surprises. I am very satisfied with the whole experience in making this purchase. It was delivered promptly and it has been working without an issue. I am using it 
VERY MODERN AND SIMPLE. I bought 2 of these from amazon it is a nice piece of furnature it is very easy to put together and it is very strong 
Needed for a math class. My son needed this calculator for his AP Algebra class. The teacher recommended it. TI is always a good brand. And my son found it 
Almost perfect. CaseLogic has set the standard for media storage, and this continues the tradition. A few tweaks are needed, however. I am certain that I will soon fill the 
Excellent Value. I needed a simpler way to copy my VHS tapes to DVD and had spent lots on other machines. The Sony unit is the most direct way to 
Microsoft Wireless Keyboard Mouse. Product delivers everything as advertised. Many excellent features. The keyboard has the touch that I was looking for. The mouse is a lot smarter than I 
Olympus Telephone Pickup TP-7 - Microphone. delivered on time and works very wel  
Both for stereo music and home theather... I use this receiver for a couple of months now, for both stereo music and for home theather application. I am no fan 
Good cdr s for the money. I like these cdrs the payback sounds great, only problem I have is that I use nero and I dont know if its nero 
Don t let this one get away. So I received my Go-510 and expected it to work right out of the box. It powered up, great windshield adapter, no problems 
Good product. I was concerned with keeping my new toy safe from the elements. This product fits and performs perfectly. I am impressed with the fact that it is thin 
Great for Laptops. I was looking for a safe screen cleaner for laptops and stumbled upon these wipes at a friend s house. It worked great on my Dell laptop 
rpr. It s goo  
WONDERFUL PHONE!. Calls on this phone are crystal clear! Besides that they phone has wonderful features CD software & USB port that allows you to add to phonebook via computer 
Great Home Theater Receiver. Lots of features, great sound, I really like the multiple optical and digital sound inputs for DVD, cable box, etc. The remote control is on the 
Lots of Laughs. We had a lot of fun using this piece...Graphics could use some updating but over all it was alot of fun. Song selection on the 300 has 
Great Deal on a Great Product. Just as described, these headphones have an amazing range and work on two floors of my house and at opposite ends. The battery life 
Just what I needed.... It s not a typical sized mousepad, that s for sure. I don t see any advantages over a typical mousepad as far as the texture 
Great Item. it was so easy to hook up! i was so happy i could do it myself and my boyfriend was just as impressed..  
This really helps in Algrebra 1 - 2. I love this little piece of machinery! It s cheap, durable, holds large buttons, and can even calculate fractions! How common is 
Works perfectly, but ... Plug everything in and it works! My workspace is getting very crowded, and this hub mounts neatly under my desk, with only one cable routed to 
Excellent Value. You get a lot for the price on this remote. First, it was a breeze to setup - all of my devices were listed in the extensive code 
Excellent buy for the money. For the price paid, this little setup really performs. From the time I opened the box until I was recording my first album, it took 
Worth the money. I had been using my air conditioning vents to hold my XM radio and this was recommended to me through a friend. It s super easy to 
good for its price. not a high quality webcam, but good enough for its price. Just for fu  
Great Product. Worked Great did exactly what I wanted it to do which was enable me to play my ps3 on my hd tv. If thats what you looking for 
everyone has different ears. These little guys sound good very good when plugged into my more expensive CD player, but sound crappy when plugged into my cheap CD player. I 
Nice Atrac-MP3 player. The player is perfect for the money: small, light, good sound quality, only needs to replace the headphones...Radio is ok, but there are no memories available to 
Sturdy, does the job for the right price. Good Value. This arm is well built and fairly easy to install. Most of the other arms I looked at were twice 
Great mount. This mount is excellent. I can view the TV from multiple rooms as well as any angle.  
Excellent Value. This LCD TV displays brilliant color when watching HD TV. It does not have the pip function for TV as advertised. It does not have audio out. You 
GREAT. I was quite hesitant when i read reviews online at circuitcity.com but I brought it was a 3 yrs protection. So I figured if it did act up I 
Pictures Pop. This paper is great! Colors were more vibrant and seem to pop a little more than other papers. This is a good paper for a more artistic look 
I like it better than most. It s true, it s not perfect, but it doesn t cost a fortune either. There is no mute button, but I use the 
The best there is...period. Hi and thank you for reading my review. I am a 30 year old medical student that loves headphones. I currently own the Shure E4 s, 
Pretty good. There s more room in here than my normal laptop bag, which helps when I m on a 5-day business trip and need a bit more room. The 
Good buy for working out. This is the perfect case for someone who loves to run or workout. The clip tightly attaches to any piece of clothing, even though it 
Incredible Versatility. I am also new to the Electric Guitar and also have been playing an Acoustic Martin D-28 Marquis for the last couple of years and agree that this 
Works well in Linux. I was looking for a card that I could use easily in GNU Linux without trying to emulate Windows drivers. I d read that this was 
A Workhorse. This shredder is well worth the money. It is fast, powerful, and convenient to use. The only minor drawback is the challenge in changing the bag without having 
good toy to add with you big screen. I have had this for over a year and it is great. I am a big move buff and I love re-watching 
Solid Performer. this Lexar 512 card is a nice card. I have used Sandisk and Viking cards previously. And the Lexar is keeps up with them. Not the fastest of 
Works great!. I have a PC and a Mac. I had to purchase a dual PS 2 to USB adapter so that I could use it with the Mac. It 
Matte Labels From Neato are Good Quality and Easy To Use. Neato perhaps makes the best labels for CD DVD s. I have used Memorex and Neato, and Neato is 
Great Econ Sub. This is a very good sounding sub for the price. I compared others at higher prices and liked how this produced a full range to compliment the 
Archival quality for a good price. I want the DVDs I m making to last to as close to forever as possible, so I did a lot of research before 
Good Head Unit!. I ve been installing Alpine Head Units in my cars since the late 80 s and this Receiver is the best yet. Currently I m using the 
Does What It s Designed To Do. Let s be honest, this is not going to bring your regular DVD library up to HD quality. That being said, when I 
Great Dock. The Logic3 Universal iPod Dock with Infrared Remote is everything it promised. I ve been looking around for a docking station alarm clock of sorts and I actually 
Ergonomic, excellent mouse - software buggy. The mouse itself is very nicely designed and cool looking. I use it with my Apple Mac G5. The optical tracking is great, no 
Great Performer. I have been using Sandisk Ultra II Compact Flash and Secure Digital in my Canon 1DMkII bodies for more than two years. Canon recently upgraded the camera firmware 
satisfied. OK, I had a problem with my power adapter also. It just stopped working. But I have only good things to say about Targus customer service. I wrote an 
Especially Great For The Price!. Just received my headphones today and I must say that I am quite impressed. Out of the box I plugged it in for some drills 
Good. Works really well but the play button is hard to push when in the case  
I was impressed. I really like my little printer. For the price I paid I was very impressed with what I received. The photo screen doesn t raise but that 
Excellent value for basic walkie-talkies. Buy it for keeping in touch with my relatives inside large shopping centers when I am travelling, it works just fine  
Great for travel. I recently brought this after checking various reviews and I am quite pleased with it. It s very small and light weight and works well with my 
Dazzle is perfect. The Dazzle 6-in-one is perfect. I have used it to transfer photos files from my husband s camera Sony Memory Stick , from my camera ComapctFlash , 
Good operation for the price!. Pros: Installation was easy, no jamming, always recovers itself after energy blackouts. Cons: Poor signal across concrete homes. In such conditions you may need to 
Fast = True. I waited to write a review until I had them for a few months. I have been using them alot and they are very good if you 
Transfer home video to DVD. I transfered video directly to the DVD with 15 minutes of reading the manual and hooking up the device. It was easy, with clear instructions. 
Great Sound & Design. I ordered this unit for my sister and she loves it. According to her, the sound is great and it fits nicely under the counter. Highly 
This recharger does the job well. We recharge batteries all the time with this charger and it does an excellent job, all the time  
I love it. This phone has been a perfect replacement for a home phone. It was super simple to set up and is very convenient. We have many friends and 
Great little printer!. Fast, inexpensive, easy to set up, small footprint. Great printer from a company that knows how to do printers... A !!!  
Great bargain. I was first skeptical of this wireless microphone because of the low price. I was surprised with the overall performance of the mic for its price! Though it 
No need to spend more. I have the older model 303. Sound quality is great! Works well even if you are not right next to it. You can walk around 
Must have. Great item to have on hand. Used the first wheel up cleaning repairing the kids cd collection. Pop in a fresh wheel and your ready for the next 
GREAT MONITOR!!!!. This monitor is great. My first flat screen. When I compared it to what I have seen in the stores....this Hanns is the bomb!!! I was looking at 
Great deal!. Just what I need and the right price plus no delivery charge ... such a deal  
Failed, but quickly received a replacement. This flash drive worked fine for me and then failed after about 8 months. I used Viking s online help and found it to 
A supurb kitchen accessory. The Bose Wave Music System was a delightful addition to our kitchen nook.I am not tolerent of most small radio music systems because of the high 
Excellent Monitor. This monitor is one of the best I ve ever seen. It works perfectly. The picture is wonderful. The controls are great on the monitor. This is my 
Excellent phone. This phones reception is great!!! The battery life is more than adequate and has tons of features including a monitoring feature yes, it can act as a baby 
Top Quality for Analog Cables. I have good components, some of which don t have HDMI. So, I needed high quality componenet video cables. I got these, and it is 
Perfect Overnight Laptop Carrier. I recently purchased the Kensington 62903. I took it on a business trip to Las Vegas and found it to fit my needs perfectly. It has 
For the price, a good deal. For maximum archival life of CDs, it is a good idea to keep them both in a jewel case, and an outer container as 
great system for any ipod. I just got this and it s great!It has everything I wanted in a speaker system: ipod dock that charges it while playing, radio with 
Solid performer but not perfect. I have been waiting so long for Apple to finally come up with a wide screen video iPod. I got tired of waiting and bought 
Perfect to smoothly run Vista. That s what I needed to full run Vista on my 2yr old HP desktop. My PC was on 3Ghz and 512 mb RAM NOW 
Buy the Apple USB Power Adapter. Yes, Apple should include this thing -- with the higher end iPods, at least. But they don t.The point of this post is to 
Best PCI video card I have ever used. If you need a PCI video card for any reason, get this one. It is stable, works great with ATI drivers, and 
Second Label Writer in 10 Years. I use this item in my Home Office on a regular basis. The first I bought about ten years ago and it simply grew 
I love my Huey!. I not only make specialty costumes for film and TV, but I do all my own advertising for both my design and production companies. Having to 
NOT for the m125!. Very nice keyboard - nice feel, good size, comes with a good warrantee. HOWEVER don t be fooled by the description that it s good for 
ITS SO GREAT. I think this iPod is the best form Apple yet!!!, plus the 30 minute video from U2 is amazing They re the BES  
Like a rock. I ve been very satisfied with the RV042 - it does what it s supposed to do. I initially bought a Netgear as the primary router for 
Good Choice for Wireless Headphones. Very comfortable fit and easy set up. The only reason I give it 4 stars is because the maximum volume is not what I expected. 
A Great Gift For A Little Girl. This unit is a great gift for a sweet little girl whose bedroom is pink and who has lots of Hello Kitty items. 
Good to go. I bought this item for my mother and it works great for her camera..  
Works Fine For Me On RoadRunner. I was up & running less than 5 min. after RoadRunner called to tell me they had entered the MAC address into their system, 
Good radio & speaker system. This radio & speaker system had all the features I wanted for my son s Ipod. It sits on his nightstand and delivers good sound 
Great pair for your house. Nice phone, nice to have two handsets, and nice not to interfere with your wireless. Wasn t sure if this is set was Digital it 
a memory card. It came comp. with the purchase of a Kodak dig. camera. What can I say: it can hold a bunch of pictures. I rated it a 4 
Better than most. I am an audiophile that believes most modern amplifiers, such as this Sony, produce good sound. Perhaps not as good as some of the esoteric designs but 
video, audio, fm radio, and photos too. Having researched portable media players such as the Cowon A2 and Toshiba Gigabeat V30 I was ready to spend considerably more than the 
Nice case Not in looks though! . I purchased this a couple of weeks ago. It protects the nano well and good, and its easy to navigate the iPod with 
Es un buen equipo considerando su bajo precio. Los Motorola Talkabout FV200AA GMRS son muy buenos equipos considerando su bajo precio. Los hemos utilizado en una distancia de aproximadamente 500 
Absoulutely worth it!!. I purchase these headphones for close to 50 and did nt expect much. They have been an absolute blessing and fit comftorably in your ears. At first 
Great CD DVD Holder. This is a great CD DVD holder. especially for the price. It holds an unbelievable 264 DVDs!!! definitely good buy  
HP 15 BLACK INK CARTRIDGE. Easy to order. Shipped and received in very timely manner  
Excellent mouse. Very smooth on any surface, with the right settings you get a quick response anywher  
A good buy!. I purchased these plugs through Parts Express and I would highly recommend them and their product ... Good customer service and very fast delivery. I am very 
Midland Outfitter Series GXT650VP4 5-Watt 22-Channel GMRS. the midland outfitter series gxt650vp4, live up to what is advertised, I have tryed several brands of radios,and been dissapointed by all.I needed 
Very nice piece. I love this A V amp. I agonize over purchases like this. I shopped online and compared A V receivers for weeks before finally buying the HK. 
AWESOME !! ASTONISHING !!. I have and Ipaq 5550 and a Nikon 200, this card is just perfect. Doesn t need any previous format just insert and enjoy.I have seen 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
TEAC GR-350. Excellent product. I am currently moving all my big band records onto music CD s. Thanks for a fine unit to help with this process. Now I can 
Cooling Fan. Installed easy - keeps the inside of the case cool - and looks good too  
Myfi headset w antenna. Works tremendously than the lousy plug in antenna that came with the radio. I am actually able to get some reception inside the house for the 
Wow!. This DVD player provides a picture to my 46 Sony TV with 1080p that is very close in quality to HD broadcasts. The only way to watch a DVD 
Awesome!!!. I bought this for my 13 year old daughter for Christmas and actually I m not sure if I bought it for myself! But she loves it, too. We 
I love this thing!. I have 2 of these one for each floor of my house. When we lose the power there is no more fumbling for batteries for the 
Very satisfactory product. I have used the cassette recorder several times and it is just what I wanted  
A product of good Quality. The specifications described in the web are exactly the opposing ones.  
delivery of the product. really great - the product got delivered before what i expected  
Not a bad remote at all. I only have a couple of problems with this remote. You have to keep pressing the buttons for dvd, vcr, audio, sat, etc. to 
Very nice source of backup power at a good price. Electricity in my apartment would randomly go out for a couple of seconds every few weeks, usually at night, but 
Outstanding Customer Service. I finally got these labels, I had tried them before an found that they are by far superior to the Xpress it labels they tear easily, and 
good value, good performance. I had 1gb, 2gb cards already and since I got a 10mp camera so 4gb card is a must. All the Sandisk CF cards had perform 
Up and running in ten minutes. Opened up, unscrewed the screws, unclipped the clips, and installed the hard drive with no issues. WinXP loaded and installed with no problem. Looks 
Great Monitor. I had a little trouble getting my system to recognize it when first set up...but after a little tweaking, it works beautifully. Previously owned regular CRT...what an improvement! 
Great Case. I bought this product for my 17 Mac Book Pro. It has plenty of room for accessories. Top Quality product, nice comfortable shoulder strap.  
It s a battery...What more can you say ?. Nice to have spare. Fits the Bill...genuine Sharp  
Great product. I use this between my Dell Dimension 380 Workstation running Win2K and Dell Poweredge 600SC Server running Linux. I ve been using it for several weeks without any 
Brilliant Picture. I am extremely satisfied with this HDTV. I am connected via HDMI from DirecTV and the HD broadcasts are very sharp and clear. I also have a Samsung 
Great for workout. This is a decent quality headphone that is good to use at gyms. Sound quality is good, but not great. Vey convinient to use and stays put 
Great Product. I m very pleased with this mp3 player, it may nota have a very big storage but it seems to be enough, of course it depends of every 
Vonage v. Packet8. SUMMARY: Vonage is great for second lines, but keep a regular phone line for emergencies. At just 29.99 per month, Vonage is relatively inexpensive and offers fantastic 
Direct from PC to LCD TV. I am using this cable to go from my Dell PC to my new 42 Toshiba LCD, picture reproduction is excellent and no signal 
Give one to your boss for Christmas!. Anyone who does presentations should have a wireless remote to release them from the podium and engage your audience. This compact beauty feels 
Adorable!. The only reason I gave 4 stars is because the sound quality is not great. However, if you re buying these speakers it s probably not for the sound 
TuneTalk Stereo. This device works very well. I use it to record my lecture classes in school. I sit in the rear of the classroom and the autogain function makes 
Excellent Price Excellent Product. AT s ATR25 is just the product for the home video enthusiast. It gets you the sound you need without breaking your budget. In addition, the 
Sweet Looking, Sounding, and Priced. I m not a big fan of Bose products, believing them to be overhyped, overpriced, and disappointing for the most part. However, occassionally, Bose makes 
Necessary component, but could be designed better. The Roadmate I received from another Web-based company wouldn t stay energized due to a faulty cradle power plug. When I couldn t 
Terk HDTV Antenna - very cool. If you ve got and HDTV and don t have an over the air antenna, or your cheap set top antenna only gets a 
Decent enough. OK, I use this stick for space in a not-so-common MMORPG. I ve been in space with this stick more times than not, that my friend often forget 
THESE ARE EXCELLENT DVD BLANKS.VERY GOOD QUALITY. I FIND THE VERBATIM MEDIA BLANKS TO BE AN EXCELLENT PRODUCT.THEY ARE COMPATIBLE WITH A LARGE NUMBER OF COMPUTER BURNERS,AND HOME DVD RECORDERS,THAT 
The APC Has Worked Flawlessly For Over 2 Years. I m not sure what happened with flagday1960 s APC UPS, but I have had mine for over 2 years and 
A wonderful little treasure. You ll never get lost again when you own and use this remarkable little item. It s unerring accuracy and clearly audible and timely voice directions 
Great all-rouund phone. I recently went through a thorough research for a new phone system, going through research and test purchases.The main criteria were:1 Good sound quality most of the 
Good Speaker for the money. I got the speakers to go with my mini mac as the sound on that is very poor. The speakers are quite sleek looking and 
I am buying 2 more as backups !!!. My Home has ReplayTV, Sony, and Aiwa. I never had trouble find remotes for the Sony, but the Replay and Aiwa were 
Back up your data for cheap. 100 cds is a lot of cds though you d be surprised how many it takes to back up a PC. Uh, when DID 
Nice GPS Personal Travel Assistanant. I used this Garmin Nuvi 670 just for a short time but I do like the features it has and just for the few times 
Compare and save. Perform the following test - Get this cable and a monster cable, both around the same length. Compare the sound coming from each. Then, continue to buy 
Perfect For Shure Sound Isolating Earphones. I always had problems adjusting the volume of my Shure Earphones because the dials on the players are not fine enough to get just 
GeForce 6200 Outstanding!. Hi, I bought the pci express version of this video card about a month ago and still am not over how awsome it is. From the first 
Excellent medium duty shredder. I have bought many medium duty shredders for my business and we have gone through them very quickly. This shredder is the first one that seems 
What choice do you have. Unelss you want to risk the generic cartridges - with which I have had horrible experiences - you have to go with these. They work 
Prismatic!. Works great and is a very comfortable size. The play of colors...beautiful, yet not overpowering. I wanted to add some coolness to my computer area and this Targus mouse 
Amazon.com Purchase of Garmin Nuvi 660. The product is fantastic; however, the vendor Digitechdeals Amazon via the Amazon.com website was unsatisfactory. The product was not new and had been opened 
Prior customer. I have not had N.E.W. coverage for this Apple product however I had a washing machine covered by them. The washer turned out to be one of those 
Probably the best headphones under 100 for airline travel. I bought and tried several higher-priced, name-brand competitors headphones to hear which ones actually cancelled out background noise. If you buy, 
Good Quality Ink for an Inkjet Printer. The BCI-3eBk is good quality black ink for an inkjet printer. I have used this ink for a couple of years now and 
Smaller than i thought. I guess it is working. I really cannot tell a different, but i am scared to plug my TV into the wall for fear of the 
Powerful and noisy. I have a Compaq SR1820NX desktop which is a very quiet machine in most time. Only when it has run for quite a long time and it 
=o . works well, good sound, come with different size covers to fit ur ear properly... know complains over all... just one lil misconception with the picture is that the 
OK headphones. I bought those a few months ago and I have been using them on a regular basis while flying. In my opinion the sound is fine and the 
Easy to use. This was a cinch to use. I had no problems placing the labels onto the discs  
The sound is worth the annoying parts. I bought this anyway after reading about the small display. I toyed with returning it for a couple of days - yes, the 
A true Plug-in , A confidence building Wi-fi product. This was my first fling into wi-fi and managed to establish my first wireless connection within 15-20 minutes. Talking of connectivity,the 
Wall Mount. Vertical adjustment would be the only improvement that would have been appreciated. This was the only wall mount we could find that had enough extension for our application 
Nice scanner. I have not used it extensively yet, but from what I can tell so far from what I have scanned is that it scans very well for my 
Not a Tablet for the Southpaw. I would actually recommend if you re an artist to use the 6x8 which has express keys on both sides. While you can disable 
Wacom pen works as advertised. If you have a Wacom Intuos tablet and have worn out your original pen, fear not, the Wacom Intuos Pen GP300E works as advertised. It 
pretty good, but a little bit slow. This SD card is pretty good, and of course, very very cheap. Maybe the speed is a little bit slow comparing with other 
High-Capacity Black Ink. Love the larger size......since you go through so much more black than any other color.  
great tv for the price, needs 4.5 stars. this is a great tv for the price. i didn t realize it would be so huge until i got it. the 
overall fine. Overall it s a good product except for two things:1. the USB is way too short, a little bit over 1 foot. LaCie, what areyou talking about? it 
Incredible Brother!. What an incredible printer! The quality is great, speed is good and Consumer Report indicates that it only costs 1.5 cents per printed page. It was one of 
Gteat Unit. A W E S O M E !!!!!!!!!!! ALPINE ALWAYS !!!!!!!!  
swing arm. This is a great product. After reading the reviews on other swing arms I chose this one because it seemed alot more sturdy that some of the others. 
These are the best of the clip-ons. I now own THREE different pairs of clip-on earphones: Koss, Altec-Lansing, and Sony. The Sony are the best, for these reasons:1. They position 
Basic, light weight, portable speakers. I bought mine for travel purposes and use the JBL On Stage more when I am at home. The JBL does sound better but I 
Adorable!. I bought this phone for myself because I love Hello Kitty. I figure, I ll hand it down to my daughters maybe..lol when they are old enough. This phone 
As Good as any other Blank DVDs. I ve burned about 200 memorex 4.7gb DVDs and havent had a single coaster.. works for me  
easy, simple. Reviewed many enclosures....this one had reviews that said it didnt fail right away...so i bit. It was very easy to install the HDD. the directions were clear. When 
NICE. this really nice keyboard and once you learn all its features you enjoy it  
Nothing but Fuji for me!. Like the other reviewer, I also have a NEC dvd drive.I ve tried Sony, Memorex, Verbatim, Maxell, and TDX discs but none compare to Fuji. 
Well earned 4 stars. I must say I have had few problems with the &quot;Fellowes NEATO CD DVD Labels.&quot; I haven t used many different types of lables so my 
Good value, great picture, nice sound. We are pleased with this TV and love the convenience of the DVD Player. The sound from this unit is excellent. A very good 
What else can I say but... What else can I say but it s excellent!!! I enjoy using it, traveling with it, using it to carry music and video s, 
Great tuner, software is very good. The tuner works wonderfully and pulls in most of the digital TV stations on the cable in the Boston area and has exceptional picture. 
Decent unit. this unit would be perfect except for two gripes.1 when you take charged batteries out and put in ones to be charged, you have to unplug the whole 
Very convenient case. I checked this case in the Sony store before purchasing through Amazon because I was afraid it wouldn t fit my 15.4 Sony Vaio but it fits 
Warm Speaker Sound and Great AM. This is a very appealing clock radio with digital readout that gives you name of song, artist, and other information as you listen. The 
Great Value. I have a recessed cavity for my flat panel LCD with no access to the rear of the Television, so I was concerned about the accessability of any 
Archos 404. Only thing I would like to see with this player is a calander feature. I love the fact that I can hook this player up to my TV.. 
For the price, amazing. The Jenson headphone is high quality economicalal investment that makes a great upgrade for the inferior ones that comes with every music player. It handles bass 
A reasonably priced classic. Although I prefer the AKG K701 for most of my listening, this competing entry from Beyer is so close that it s almost a coin toss. 
Sony AC-E60A Worldwide AC Power Adaptor with Folding Plug Blade. Not much to review...it s an additional AC adapter plug..it works  
Works as described. I was a alittle skeptical about this product at first but I figured, might as well. Works like it said it would and so far no problems 
Overall great, slower position time. I have not had much experience with automotive gps, but the Lowrance brand is great for marine. The 250c loaded up great and I had 
it s absolutely wonderful. the linksys CIT 31- dual- mode cordless phone for yahoo, stand to my expectations, i use it everyday, and i will continue using it because it 
Offers a comfortable fit in your hand. My Fiance got me this grip battery pack for Christmas. I must say it is perfect as a set of grips or to 
A good functional footrest. I haven t used it for very long, so I can t say much about long-term durability, but I took it to work and like the 
Great Skin for iPod Photo. I searched high and low for a skin to fit my 60GB iPod Photo and had terrible luck. The local Apple Store didn t even 
Label to the max!. It s only 1 2 wide, but you get great black letters on a sparkling white background. That slit down the rear--easy splitting backer means no 
Push this pedal ... This item is extremely hard to find in the retail market. Once again a company website makes it easy to order accessories  
very usefull. I purchased a IPOD travel charger recently and it really comes in handy  
works great. This was bought to use on my road bike and to work with my Garmin Forerunner 301. It works great  
Printer Cartridge. I have used the H P 15 & 23 for my Deskjet 812C for several years, The quality has always been goo  
Good pricing, nice looks... not designed with Nano in mind. I called Maxell when I looked into this product to make sure it worked with the ipod nano. In my 
Excellant Product!!. I loved the MP3 player, it works fantastic, and its small, small enought to fit almost anywhere. I was thoroughly pleased with this purchased. It had so many 
a pretty useful product. The iPod shuffle is nowhere near as reliable as the other iPods. I ve had one break on me, and my new one doesn t work 
Great Addition to Explorist 210 But Read The Directions. I have been using the Explorist 210 with the Topo-3D USA Mapsend ver. 1.00 software for over a month now, and 
A well constructed KVM switch. This KVM switch is very solidly constructed - metal case, high quality cables and a push button switch in my opinion, push button switch is 
Keep your install disc handy... This unit was delivered the day before I bought my hard drive. Being the impatient person I am, I went ahead and connected it to 
Nice sound from a small package. Gave these to my parents who moved into a smaller 1-level villa. Space is a premium now and replaced their large speakers with these 
Works great. I had tried 3 different brands of hdmi cables and had problems with them all on my Sony HDTV so after I purchased these my problem was solved. 
Works well. Bought this card for my daughters old Dell Dimension 4550. She had received the SIMs Pets expansion pack for x-mas and the game started showing red blinking walls 
Haven t burned a coaster yet. I have used these DVD-Rs for over two years now and they work absolutely great. I have burned movies, games, files, everything. Haven t 
Nice all-purpose pouch. Lowepro offers consistently well-made products, and this SlipLock Pouch is no exception. It is secure and well padded. I use it to hold a Garmin GPS60CS GPS 
Great for women too. I am a female with thin arms, but I can run with this product and it stays in place! It is also very comfortable and I 
nice. it is a very nice player, but it is very slow to load movies and is very nois  
Buy according to personal taste... If you are buying a mouse, just as if you are buying about anything else, it is always helpful to try before you buy or 
Ideal!!...but apparenlty only for older iPods!!. I was just browsing around and thought I d see what others thought of this item. I was expecting rave reviews from everyone. Man 
Excellent Product. I am using the CD-RW880 primarily to make CDs from vinyl. The RW880 does a very fine job of this. It is easy to use, although the manual 
Business person carry case. This bag was purchased for a 15.4 inch notebook computer for the following reasons: 1 While in transit I am able to open it and enjoy 
Some Tips for dropped signals. For all of you complaining about dropped signals, here s a little trick: Go to Start Settings Network Connections Wireless, click on the Properties button 
Wonderful. I saw the small size of this case and was in love. It has plenty of space for dvds and cords though it wont hold large headphones unless they 
HP 56.... typical bundle. This product is the same you d buy at Wal-mart or Staples... just more convenient to buy it online.  
An excellent value if you can live w just two speaker system. I see this as a secondary, or bedroom unit for a two speaker ensemble. I am using it 
a wonderful recorder. This required a learning curve. Setup is somewhat difficult, but the tech people at TIVO helped me thru it. I needed extra cables because I have both 
HP Photo Printer. I bought the HP Photosmart A516 Compact Photo Printer for my mom. The USB cable and photo paper are sold separately. I connected it to my WIN 
Very Satisfied. Very well packaged. Easy to set up and learn how to use. Photocopies are good quality.  
Excellent system for the price. It was very easy to put together and takes up minimum space. However, the sound is not minimal and is great for my needs. I 
A nice way to display and use your iPod. There are several docks available out there. This is the standard one from Apple. Gone are the days of dedicated docks 
Quality cassette adapter. I agree with the others that have provided a favorable review. I am pleasantly surprised with many aspects of the product. It feels like a quality product. 
15dB Broadband Cable Amplifier....OK in my book. Product worked as expected. It improved picture quality on all TVs in my home and boosted cable broadband performance at the same time. 
This Does play mp3 but not Wma. Panasonic rings true to their products. tough it may be plastic with not a lot of extras I had put a 80 minute 
Sonos Rocks!. I have never had a more simple setup of a wireless device. Sonos has made it so easy. We got it setup in no time and it is 
Great Antenna. I don t think this antenna will receive the TV signal well like this. I can change the style to set up this antenna to be 2 styles. 
Good so far....and for a good price. I ve spent many-an-hour looking for good earbuds for my iPod. I stumbled upon these at a bookstore and without researching I just 
Works great, love it for books on tape. Easy to operate, great little player for listening to books on tape while walking.  
Excellent device. It was ok, but the product was labeled as rackmount and it didn t include the rackmount pieces  
Great buy. I bought these and the M-Audio StudioPro 3 speakers. I kept these after listening to both. The DX4 s remind me of KEF brand speakers. Flat response curve, 
Great Surround Sound Receiver. I purchased this in April of 2007 for 66. I will primarily use this to provide the audio when watching a DVD. I will also listen 
Great Buy. The headphones work much better for my ears than the ones that came with the Zune. I m glad to have a wall charger so I don t 
This product is just what I needed. When I switched Laptops from PC to a MacBookPro I was very disappointed when I realized that I couldn t use my cosy 
thank you monster cable. I ll never forget the day I gave the order to throw away every single radio shack cable in the house  
Does What It s Suppsed to Do. I bought the BE650R for two purposes: The first is to provide battery backup power for my home computer system on a daily 
price and performance. I needed some more CF as some of my previous stuff just wasn t fast enough to write from the buffer of my Canon DSLR. Shots were 
Business. it was really nice doin business with you guys really appreciate the way you guys value your customers. the memory card work best with my phone thank  
Great Set. I have been dragging my heels entering the HDTV era for years now. I sat by while my early adopter friends bought their first HD sets, waiting for 
Excellent !. This bag has it all...Perfect size. I disagree that it is too big for daily use. I am 5 8 , so perhaps people of smaller stature might 
On Target. This device was exactly as described and fulfilled it s function properly. Installation was as simple as expected  
Works for us. I ve used this to burn about 3 CDs and my husband has done a couple as well. We haven t had any problem so far  
Excellent mouse. Very smooth on any surface, with the right settings you get a quick response anywher  
Great way to protect your iPod w Video. This was exactly what I wanted for my iPod. It fits perfectly there s a felt spacer for the 30Gb iPod; I 
Multipack; steal of a deal buy!. A ton of batteries for cheap...they work great. Always good to have bulk stock on batteries. Pleased with how many come in pkg  
Good toy thingy. Fun, easy to learn, and kind of useless. I say buy this if you re in a band and need a harmonica for a song. I learned 
Good product for the price. Obviously not the best headphones, but for the price, they aren t half bad.Pros: Super long heavy duty single cord, around 9 or 10 feet.Volume 
totally worth it. the silverlink cable allows the ti89 to be used as a satellite computer. i commute to and from school, and can use the time to brainstorm for 
Perfect!. I bought it to use with my TIVO. It has worked great ever since I set it up. It isn t unsightly, either  
Plenty of Room, Well Made. I bought this case for an Acer Aspire because Kensington s website notebook sizer said this case would fit. Well it does, but barely. The 
Best Choice Available. This product could be improved in some ways, but overall it is a really nice small item loaded with features and functions. I live in the Pacific 
great media pack. this is by far one of the best purchases i have made for my laptop it is hard to find a bag big enough for my 17 
Very Goood Product!!. I tried several products, Garmin,Tomtom and some others.I also have Garmin notebook GPS.Nothing can compare with this product in terms of finding address as well as procesing 
HP iPAQ hx2495 is outstanding. I have had my 2495b for about 6 months and it is fantastic. I started using PDAs 15 or so years ago, with the Sharp 
Great receiver for the money!. I purchased the receiver back in February to replace an ancient 1980 s vintage JVC receiver. The receiver is used in my home office about 
Great card for the money. If you re a gamer, I d have to recommend going a little higher than this card -- at least the 7300GT or a 7600 
Amazing product!. This flash drive has served me very well. It s fast, reliable, and survived a trip through the washing machine and dryer with all data and functionality intact. 
quality at half the price. Just finished burning through my first box of these and they are terrific. Not one was a dud. I always trust all Khypermedia Blank disks 
smelly at first... very comfortable to use but exceedingly odiferous coming out of the plastic sleeve. better after exposed to the air for several days  
Very Handy Gadget. I wish I would have known about this great unit many years ago! I had cable running to many rooms, but only a single DSS receiver unit. 
very small : . The one I got in the mail was black very happy about it.. blue didn t exactly go with my laptop setup . It is very 
Great Product. This little box has everthing I ll need to download pictures and connect to other devices. I guess until USB 3.0 comes out. Very good  
purest sound!. Great product! Experience immediate improvement in sound quality when connect it to my ipod  
Expandable!. Cool! I can expand my-single-USB-port-laptop more flexible.From single peripheral to be quadruplet. I can plug Flashdisk, mouse, external and digital camera in same time. Worth money for usefull gadget 
Sony Goes Snow Camping. I m very happy with my purchase. I bought this unit a few days before a 4 day snow caving camping trip thanks Amazon for the 
Decent Bluetooth Receiver, Long Battery Life. Compared to other bluetooth receivers I ve used, this is the most usable unit with the longest lasting battery life.From the product description and 
jeff electronics junkie . What can I say about a classic that only gets better with time. Bose keeps refining it with small tweaks here and there because the basic 
ScanDisk 4GB Cruzer Mini USB. I have nothing but good things to say about the Cruzer Mini. From the very first time that I used it, it has performed flawlessly. 
SOUND NOT BAD. Since my old amplfier dosn t have an optical digital input,I was worried about the sound quality, but it was fine for me. My amplifier does have 
10,000 songs thru my stereo receiver at the click of a wheel. This stereo connector is fabulous. I already had a very good Kenwood stereo system with great speakers. Now 
works fine. Given the price, it s hard to complain - it does the job you d expect it to - nothing spectacular but...what were you expecting  
Good product. I was concerned with keeping my new toy safe from the elements. This product fits and performs perfectly. I am impressed with the fact that it is thin 
Excellent DVD Quality. We are on our second order of 100 DVD R discs from Verbatim and have been very happy with the quality. We have not had a single 
Great wireless card. The main reason I got this card is because it working in Linux It has an atheros chipset , and it delivers. It works great, and the 
Great product with minor glitch. The burner works well except when burning dual layer discs. I have colleagues that also have this problem with dual layer discs when using other 
Great shower radio. It s big, it s bulky and it s expensive, but as far as shower radios go it s great. Good reception on most stations can t 
Very good SD Card. I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the 
Great upscaling DVD player. A friend recommended this DVD player after buying one, along with a new Hi Def TV. I went and saw the picture quality, and decided I 
A Kool Oasis. When the room temperature hot and no one else wants the Air Conditioner turned on, this Desktop Air Conditioner cools just my 7 feet by 7 feet 
works great. I had another media reader and it never worked. So I junked it and I tried this one and have had no problems at all. It s fast 
happy so far. I got this Tv a few days ago and so far i am very pleased. The picture in HD is very good , and rivals some of 
Very satisfied. I received this CF as an addition to my Sandisk II 1GB CARD.I m very satisfied with. Very fast using it with my Canon EOS Rebel Digital.I would 
Perfect!!!. You can never ask for more from this product. 2700maH. That s huge. Runs my discman for weeks I roughly listen 1 hr everyday .The digital display is very 
Excellent value and easy to use!. Excellent Value and easy to Use! Comes with everything you need. The tester is a great added value  
Great Headphones. These are very good headphones. They re light and comfortabel to where for long periods and still sound really great  
I am very happy. I am really enjoying my new Onkyo TX-SR804 receiver a lot. It sounds great. My old system was made up of obsolete separate components. I used 
Sirius Home Kit. The home kit is great idea for the P-N-Play units like the Sportster unit. I have two - one hooked up to my stereo system, another in 
Works like a charm. I purchased this for my father after seeing what a difference it is making in my busy life. There were many times when I d be 
Great speakers!!!. These are great speakers for the price. The sound quality is excellent and they were very easy to install. You will not be disappointed with your purchase  
WD MyBook-The answer to all of your digital storage needs. I ve been very pleased with this external drive-500GB. My only comments would be that at first the drive was 
PANASONIC 4-LINE 5.8 GHZ MULIT-HANDSET CORDLESS PHONE SYSTEM. GREAT 4 LINE PHONE SET WITH CORDLESS HANDSETS, EASY TO USE, GREAT RECEPTION. I USE THIS IN MY BUSINESS AND WOULD HIGHLY 
Perfect Fit. These are perfect for me. All the others tend to hurt my ears. These fit perfectly. And as far as the sound quality is concerned, I m no 
GREAT PRODUCT. Works as described and came quickly. I love this little thing. It works great.  
Good subwoofer for the price. Sure this is not a Polk or Infinity subwoofer. But for the price you get a pretty darn good subwoofer so its a great value. 
GREAT HDTV - GREAT PRICE. My only issue with this purchase has nothing to do with the actual TV but with the seller. Their return policy was a little questionable 
Works well but mislabeled. I purchased this to connect my iPod to my stereo like many people. When I received it I noticed that it was labeled as an output 
New Sharpies !. Fine point makes it easier to do details, and things that require pen-sized points. New pastel colors makes for a variety of colors besides just the usual 
I really like it. This was a great addition to my home network. I needed a little extra storage, and rather than going to buy another internal harddrive, I bought 
Great MP3 Player. When I was looking for a MP3 I read a lot of reviews and none of the products had flawless records. Despite some reported problems on the 
very good product. For its price and definately for its length, its an awesome alternative to it s 100 monster counterpart  
Typical. These are what they are - they perform to specs. Given the cost of shipping, it would have been far more practical to pick them up locally, but that 
Good value for the price. The first refill only lasted 2 days. but the second one is still in use. mistakes happen. I recieved the ink in 2 days. I 
Great arm for a large LCD monitor. Great monitor arm. Quality workmanship, parts all there and clean, lots of ways to adjust my monitor. I do think it should be 
SanDisk CF Card. Love the Ultra II 1Gb card. I use a lot of SanDisk products without any problems  
Exceeds Expectation. Great Tool to Monitor and Track Training. I have owned the Forerunner 305 for about 3 weeks. Mine has performed exactly as advertised.The GPS rapidly acquires satellites and 
good player. I use this tape player in my classroom for use by 23 first graders. There is nothing complicated and it puts out OK sound. I d purchase this 
Actually a mistaken order. I clicked Buy by mistake and tried unsuccessfully to cancel. I wanted the TV, but it cost more than I wanted to pay- about 50 more, 
I m Impressed!. I am kind of a shortwave junkie, and have a few radios all over the place,I must admit that for the money spent, and the performance and 
Nice mouse - but a bit clunky. This was bought alongside the more basic 72123 Mouse-in-a-Box Optical non-Elite , and I honestly prefer the smaller, cheaper model. This is a 
great product--lousy documentation. The timer and mouse features are really nice. My only previous presenter was the 23 Targus. It took me few very frustrating minutes yo get the battery 
works for macBook Pro. Agree with the other reviewers; this product works very well, but use as directed or you ll be left with streaks. Do its as directed and 
Works fine for me. I wanted an optical cable to connect my MacBook to my home theater receiver, and this works just fine. I had no trouble with connecting it 
Brother label maker. An amazing change from the old dynamo label maker days. Very fast and easy to use. More options than I ll ever need or us  
Nice compact system. I bought this for my technology challenged parents and they were able to use it easily. The controls are very logical. Sound is not bad either, but 
Saves time!. Biometrics is a fantastic idea....and Microsoft is one step closer with this keyboard : It not only saves me time by remembering dozens if not hundreds of passwords 
Fun to use...motivational....nike shoes not necessary. At age 52, overweight with type 2 diabetes and high cholesterol, I decided to save my life and buy new nano and nike unit 
Does the job. It s a simple device, so there s not to say about it other than it does the job. You should note that the LEDs on the 
Brought my skippy CD player back to life. This product really does make a difference. I had an older CD player that was doing a lot of skipping, and sometimes 
How many pictures will it store?. How many pictures will it store? It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the 
Great Antenna!. I just received this today, and hooked it up...WOW! There were some local channels we couldn t pick up before, including our local CBS channel. But with this 
Good dvd-rw. These are the only reliable disks I have found. I began a collection of Friends on my dvd-rws. I have over 25 disks full so far and only 
Great and Inexpensive 1080p LCD. I ve had this TV for about three months, and it was my first widescreen flat-panel hi-def set, so I was taking a major step 
good for typing papers. During the day when I m not around a computer I use mine to type papers. Then when I get home I can put it on 
Great batteries, great price. If u need spare batteries, this would be perfect for your battery eating devices  
Recovered disc. I purchased 4 DVD s from Amazon & Ebay that would not play without freezing up. After cleaning with the Disc Cleaner 3 of the 4 played. Saving 
Not bad for the price. if you dont mind the size of this cd holder then its pretty good. i got it for 14.99 on sale and so far its 
Stereo Pionner. The stereo is on perfect conditions and arrive in the time especified, didn t have any problem, Thanks by the service.  
Yay.... So I bought this system for my office and it works perfectly... it s small and compact and doesn t take up much room!!! I love this product and 
Good things in small packages. I have had another radio tapeplayer walkman before. It was a struggle to keep my stations tuned in and they were never static free. No 
tomtom one case. decent case. protects product well. need to carrythe windshield mount separately though  
Best IPOD Case You Can Buy!. This is absolutely the best case you can buy. It provides very good protection and covers every part of the ipo  
Spectacular!. I did lots and lots of research of projectors before decided to buy this one and I could not be more pleased. I set this up in my room 
Great Table Top or Office Stereo. I was pleasantly surprised with the sound of this nice little stereo. The system looks like a piece of high end stereo equipment and 
garmin street pilot GPS i3. We like our street pilots. However, they could be more user friendly. You have to scroll up and down an alphabetical list to put in 
Surprising video quality for the price!. My brother and I have video chatted over the past few months, but his frame rates were very low and the video pixelated. He 
GOOD SOUND FOR THE PRICE. THE SPEAKERS GAVE WONDERFUL SOUND AND IS A VERY GOOD BUY  
Excellent net drive. I have been very happy with the drive. It was a total no brainer to set up and the the included software worked without a hitch on 
Wowzas!. Yeah, so apparently this was a really good PDA to buy. I BOUGHT THIS THREE YEARS AGO AND IT STILL WORKS! Ive been searching for a new PDA since 
Restored my DVD player to working condition!. I have a Sony DVD player from about 4 years ago that was top of the line at the time, and would still 
Perfect, simple and solid. Best in class, unbeatable price. Great clock, cheap, basic and reliable functions. Does not blind me with glowing numbers during the night. Simple push the snooze 
Excellent and portable memory card reader. I love the design and the size of this memory card reader. Very portable and works great. Reads pretty much all memory cards that 
At least it works. I bought this because it had got good reviews on here and the price was low enough for it not to pain me! So far it 
The wife is finally sold. I was looking for a tv that offered bang for buck. So I knew Samsung is the way to go. Except my wife was not 
Nice looking unit!. I recently purchased a 46 Samsung DLP HDTV as well as a Sony upconverting DVD Player. I decided to buy this Power console to protect my TV 
THANK YOU AMAZON and JR!!!. I like the receiver just fine, except for the fact that I can t find a universal remote code for it that my remote will 
Same problem. I placed my order on October 5th and for several days now it says the item is shipping soon which normally means it s being packaged but it 
Excellent Slide Scanner. This is an excellent slide scanner and does exactly what it is supposed to do very well. Yes, it is somewhat slow, but only in comparison to 
Clear and crisp. I purchased this radio after reading several reviews. I am pleasantly surprised by the duration of the batteries. I am somewhat disappointed by the controls; they are 
Well worth the price. Great headphones for running! They fit my ears perfectly and I don t have to worry about foam anymore.  
Outstanding Performance and Delivery. I purchased the Samsung 46inch DLP TV from Amazon 8 months ago. I held off from reviewing this product until I had HD installed by Direct 
nice for ladies. this iteam is good for ladies we don t need all the noise these speakers is just enough for us  
Great deal for the money. Functionality, sound and controls all as advertised. Remote and iPod charger work fine. Great deal for the money. Slightly bigger than I thought with the 
Good, deep bass. After replacing my older receiver with a digital capable unit, I discovered a great loss in my low frequency output. So, I decided to add a sub 
Excellent! seller is prompt to deliver. I would not hesitate to purchase from this seller again. Timely delivery and exactly what I saw on the website  
Pretty good. The little recorder player comes with a mic and headphones. I bought it to transfer a lot of old tapes onto my computer. It does not have any 
Olevia 337H 37 LCD HDTV without tuner. Easy to install, clear instructions. Very good quality and resolution.Would be better if had one more input.Overall rating - very good. I have 
Lexar JDP2GB-231 JumpDrive Lightning 2 GB, 120X. I do like this unit. My plastic ones get beat-up and look terrible from the change and keys in my pocket. This drive 
Great UPS Backup System!. Ordered APC UPS, good thing came with super saver shipping, cost 70 for faster shipping! Works great! This one is a 1500 VA, which is 980 
Spectacular picture. In spite of some misgivings because of the spate of recent cloud and mura issues I decided to go with the Sony Bravia XBR 46 LCD. I looked 
Power, Speed and Easy Setup. Bought this and the router to hook up my laptops to my network. Setup was about as easy as you can get...Install the software and 
Excellent LCD HDTV. This TV had the best picture in the store in the 32 LCD category. For the space I had- the viewing area was 55 inches from the 
A Great Buy. I bought this record player for my boyfriend and it has turned out to be a great investment. I didn t know the first thing about record 
Zune charger. It does the job. It charges the Zune from an electrical outlet without needing to be connected to a PC or XBox 360. As noted earlier, you do 
Pretty Good product. This product is pretty good. It has 2 additional USB ports Speed is not 2.0 on the additional ports . Everything is great the only thing I 
Fast, but unnecessary. I also have a regular speed 2GB card and I can rapid fire about 20 frames before the card has to catch up. I tested the 133x 
This is a great card. This card is fast and is the right price. It holds tons of high res JPEGS, and around 200 RAW images on my Rebel XTi 
RF-2400. Its not often manufacturers get simple things right, but this is one of them. The RF-2400 is a basic FM AM radio with no extras. It has a big 
Pretty Good. Range of detection is pretty good. Easy to install. No complicated programming involved.Cons: Doesn t detect a police vehicle unless their radar is ON.All-in-all Good Product  
monster cable reviewq. quality speaker wires. i might have preferred thicker gauge, but they deliver consistent quality performance and the price was right  
excellent piece of equipment. have had no problems with the product and it works grea  
SD memory card. the card is working great ,great price , received it very promptly  
Olympus 1 GB Type M xD-Picture Card. works great in my camera, recommend to anyone that wants to take a lot of pictures without having to download in between  
Great InkJet Printer. This is a great printer that does everything. I bought the two-sided printing attachment also, so now my documents are automatically two-sided. The only drawback at this 
You will love these if you like separate headphone and mic. Been using these for over a month now with TeamSpeak and I love them. Great 3D sound with a 
Best Little TV in Westbury. Love this TV. Took me months to decide on something for my smallish kitchen. So happy I bought this one. Great picture quality; light as 
Great phone, doesn t last long though. We got this phone about 3 years ago. In the past month, the buttons have begun to be an issue. You can press 
Good buy. Overall I was very happy with this purchase. Although the heads are black, the wire is white. There is a little noise when listening, but again for this 
good buy. if the rercod your playing is in great condition, the sound quality is great, if the record is not in very gooood condition, its tnot soo good...... so 
COBRA 450. I ONLY FULLY APPRECIATED THIS GREAT LITTLE INVERTER AFTER EXPERIENCING USE OF ANOTHER 4OO-800 INVERTER WHICH IS BIGGER,HAS FINS, AND IS TERRIBLY NOISEY!!! THE COBRA, HOWEVER, IS COMPLETELY 
the Phillips DVP3150V HiFi DVD VCR Combo. Although the player works fine, arrived in good condition and the price wasright, I must say that it misses a couple of features 
Only great because the others are so bad. This is the only step up from the poor sound of standard clock radios. Its too bad the jump is about 100. 
What a great asset to my room!. This is such a really neat piece of electronic equipment. It has given me a neat look along the wall now instead of 
Definitely worth the money!. We love our Sony ICF-CD543RM Kitchen CD clock Radio Silver . I use it every day -- I listen to the radio or play my favorite 
Great new format. I think these are great, I get a lot more battery life and they allow the camera to be much smaller...they may not be industry standard, but 
Great product, saved my butt. The Lexar Jumpdrive is easy to use and loading the software is acinch. I take my work home with me almost everyday and save critical 
REVIEW OF LINKSYS WIRELESS G USB NETWORK ADAPTER. I HAVE BEEN VERY HAPPY WITH THIS ADAPTER. THE SPEED OF DOWNLOADING IS AMAZING COMPARED TO DIAL-UP.  
Kingston 1GB SD Card Review. Great value for your money. Kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product.  
Kingston PC Memory. Kingston memory products have never let me down in 16 years of use  
Sirius Radio Home Docking Kit. Having a bad view of the southern sky, I needed to get a outdoor antenna for my sirius radio.It maded all the difference. Great product 
Surprising sound. Great sound from a little package. This is the tiniest unit and you would never guess but it has a huge sound for it s size. I have 
intuos 6x11. I bought the intuos 6x11 pen tablet couple weeks ago and I use italmost every day so far so good, I don t expect to have any problems 
I love my Zune travel pack. The travel pack comes with a remote that can attach to your clothing so I don t have to reach for the up down 
Great CD Player. This CD player works well and sounds great. All of the functions are what you would expect and the shuffle actually plays randomly. I highly recommend this 
Good basic 2 line phone. The phone has good sound, and the speaker phone feature also works well. My only minor complaint is that you have to push a button 
Great Radio-Great Price-Outstanding Gift !. My daughter gave me a 50 dollar gift slip for Eddie Bauers this past Christmas. During the Holidays I went to the mall with my 
Works for My Need. For those of you who wonders whether this can extender your neighbor s unencrypted network signal, i can tell you the answer is Yes. Just hook 
Solid Hardware, Flawed Software. I ve had the Logitech G15 for several months now and it has many features which I use regularly. The paint doesn t seem to wear 
great card. Bought this CF card for my new Olympus E500 back in May. So far this card is great. Really fast transfer rate from the card to the computer. 
Very satisfied. Replaced old 13 inch in bedroom. Hooked up to regular analog cable, pleased with picture. Plan to do HD later.  
Solid product when you take a bit of care. Purchased this case with my Nano as I wanted something a bit more ruggidized to take minor spills knew it wouldn 
CLONES Beautifully... imaging is risky. I have used Acronis True Image 9 for about a year. I have never needed it until today when I cloned my laptop drive to 
AWESOME!. I have been looking for a remote for my old ipod for a long time, did nt think they existed. forward back to next song, pause, play, volume controls, 
4 GB Extreme III. The card is fast and reliable in all conditions. It comes with file recovery software and a life warranty, a no brainer for today s lg 
The best electronic dictionary. The Sharp PW-E550 dictionary is very broad, I have until now I have been using it for over a year and it is always in my 
Excellent sound from small speakers. If your want excellent sound but only have space for small speakers -- or are on a limited budget -- please consider purchasing these JBL 
great for showing vacation pictures on the tube. these wires are great for showing vacation pictures on the tube or any other pictures or video to share with friends without 
These were great then and they re great now... I had a set of SE 5 s I think they were the predecessors of the original AM 5 s years 
Incredible. I was amazed at how much stuff this thing holds. I also love how compact it is and the price was awesome. My 1 gig cost more. I highly 
A superb Ceiling Mount. This ceiling mount is truly universal. It was very easy to install -- I was able to do it in about 30 minutes. It has a 
Perfect size for CDs. The quarter inch size is the perfect size for the spines of the CD jewel cases. I use them all of the time to label my 
Works great. I bought this for my 37 HD flatpanel lcd tv. Image is great  
Great Little CB. bought one of these because i had a good experience with the older model III . this is a good little radio, doesnt have some of the 
So Much for Generics!. I had a run of 10 DVDs I had to burn for a customer who needed them by the next weekend; he is a vendor at 
Better that expected. I have had too many remotes this is the very last one I will ever need.It does every comand that I have programed into it, every time.This 
Check your hardware Software prior to purchasing blank media. ... Especially for DVDs. These have been working perfectly for me. I haven t wasted one disk. I had similar problems 
Good, why the low ratings?. Why do people not like this pair of earbuds? I mean, they re just the same as the Sennheiser MX500, and sound the same, just 
Great sound for its size. This unit is great for travel baring one slight problem. It houses everything in the unit including the ipod except the power cord,therefore only 4 
30 performance increase with my t40. cannot detect any issues whatsoever. Works like a champ  
GOOD RADIO. VERY GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE MONEY. RADIO HAS EXCELLENT RECEPTION, CD PLAYER GIVES QUALITY SOUND, BASE COULD BE A LITTLE MORE. HOWEVER OVERALL, THIS IS A GOOD SYSTEM 
Very Nice. I really like this reader. It is extremely fast with my Sandisk Extreme III 2GB card, plus it looks nice  
EXCELLENT MEDIA CARD. I purchased this media card for my Nikon digital camera. The 5.1 mega pixal size doesn t matter. I still manage to get almost 400 digital photographs 
Does what we were looking for... We had good delivery and have had no problems on an XP Prof machine  
Great phone for several reasons. I bought this phone for my parents who are older 70-80 The two features that prompted me to buy it are:1. One combination talk and 
Dayton HDMI. I give you 5 high stars on shipping. Very fast! The order arrived after 3 days! and it is just standard shipping. Great product! same as those expensive 
Great Cabinet, but be warned... If you ve seen this piece at the local stores you ve probably heard that they come assembled. Well, the Amazon version requires assembly. While 
Good. I would say the product is good.As complained by others, that it is difficult to close with the case full of discs. This problem can be solved by completely 
Good drive--odd faceplate. The drive works great. It was a bit difficult to install in my Sony computer as the two faceplates that came with the unit were different than 
This is a awesome DVD player. i have no problems with this unit, it does a fantastic job and i am very happy with this unit. If there was something 
So far so good. Just got the remote last night and it s been working fine. The software they sent along on the CD is pointless to use because once 
What can I say? It s a nice book holder. I really don t have much to say about this book holder, not that it s just a book holder. 
rocking out with skull candy. i love these headphones! i was taken in by the cache of the brand, having seen it on a lot of skier friends from the 
cheap and accomplish the purpose. very easy to install as you can select to either install Logitech software or just the drivers. I went by the second options as my 
Great product; lacking directions. The product works perfectly. The only problem is, the manual only includes directions for the most common setups. To use one port as an uplink to 
Sony Bean. I just ordered the second one for our family. It s the 3rd Sony MP3 player to join our househould. They ve been very dependable, and they re 
WOW WHAT A GREAT ROUTER!!. THE MORONS BEFORE ME MUST NOT KNOW HOW TO SET UP A ROUTER OR HAVE SOME OTHER PROBLEMS, THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST ROUTER 
How long will it last?. I have been using this D-Link hub for about six months. The power light started flickering after about three months and now doesn t light 
Great Rugged GPS. My family and I enjoy geocaching and my PDA GPS CF card just wasn t cutting it in terms of battery life or ruggedness as we troop 
Awesome!. I ve got this DVD player hooked to my Panasonic 42 plasma, and with the 1080i upconversion, the picture is fantastic! This player has numerous options to tweak the 
A well-designed product. The modular design of this system was unusual to me initally, but I soon realized how nifty it really is. I purchased the receiver includes home dock 
AD. Excellent value for money. My razr is a fully functional mp3 player now! Thanks. :  
The Best GPS I have Owned. I have been using the Garmmin Rino 120 and 130 for two years for Boondocking Snowmobiling in Alaska, and Hunting. As for hunting my 
Won t Find Anything Better For The Price. These little speakers are great! I was just using some extra money on a gift card and decided to order these. I 
great item. the ease of controlling ipod while listening to it through the powerful stereo. It is better than FM transmitter since the FM transmitter has interference with other frequency. 
Solid unit, short cable. Nice, solid, small footprint. I would have given it a higher rating but the 3-foot cable is actually 20 . It wouldn t reach the hub 
Best wireless remote. This remote is the best I have tried. It is simple only four functions and does exactly what I want. The reception is great, and the buttons 
IM3 IS AS IM3c. When I bought it couple weeks ago. I look out side the box is IM3, But inside the box speaker is IM3c. I call the company, 
Getting there. Purchased item for trip from San Francisco to Reno and surrounding areas.For 250 it s one of the best buys around and paid for itself on this trip. 
Easy and Good. This transmitter is very easy to set up and sounds great. What more could you ask for  
Good Buy. I use these batteries when I need power immediately and I don t have a set of rechargeables ready to go. I also use them as backups - 
Great product.... Do I have to say that this is another truly great processor fomr Intel, I would buy the E6600 2.4ghz though, extra 2MB Cache goes a long way,Been 
Good product, not perfect, but good. I don t get all the complaints about this mouse. I have one and I game with it a lot. I agree that the 
Just got it. Seems ok. Volume is a little low for me, but the picture is nice. We only got it to watch videos for work and some do it 
Great DVD s!. I use them on ILO DVD recorder and also for recording home movies or data disk. I have not had a problem with any of them ever. 
Impressive. When I saw this component stereo system in a Good Guys store I was immediately impressed with the overall look of the thing. As I started toying with the 
Microsoft Wireless Notebook Optical Mouse 4000. Small and easy to handle, more robust then the early model. The original battery lasted only for 1 week, replaced it with a E2 
It s a BIG speaker, and it works REALLY well. I purchased this speaker to use it with the Cobra 75WXST Weatherband CB Radio. The speaker on this CB is 
Awesome!. I got this TV for 799 with free shipping. It is my first widescreen, flat panel and it is incredible. I don t even have it hooked up to 
Nice iPOD Gadget works well. The product is very basic and easy to use...only for me I got almost no use out of it. I got an iPOD and immediately 
Does what it s supposed to. What can I say? It s RAM. Ups the performance on your PC and the price was good. No fancy configuration needed, pop in 
Incredible distortion, no radio signals for me!. This is my second Dano pedal, and I am VERY satisfied with my purchase. It has three knobs, Level, Tone, and Distortion.I noticed 
great service. the package arrived ontime, brand new. I would order from this seller again  
GREAT PRODUCT, SERVICE PERFECT. JOB WELL DONE. MY ORDER WENT SMOOTHLY, THEY ANSWERED ALL THE QUESTIONS I NEEDED TO KNOW. THE RECIEVER WAS PRICED LOW, SOUND IS GREAT, THE DIRECTIONS 
Great for my office environment. If your monitor is directly opposite your door, yes, everyone passing by will be able to see what you do. Since my computer is set 
Energizer seems the most reliable. For the most part I just want to keep it short. I usually always by Energizer cause they re reasonably priced and seem to last 
Eneloop batteries are great. I purchased the GE Sanyo Eneloop batteries. They are pricey, but I took over 100 flash photos and did not get a low battery light on 
Toshiba SD-3990 Progressive Scan DVD Player review. it is user friendly just enough buttons as to not confuse hookup was simple quality is great overall positive syste  
Easy, Compact and Quality. I just bought this printer for my wife for Christmas and I must say it is amazing. The print quality is the same as shutterfly and 
Great printer!. Portable, easy to use with any chip and really nice pix. I love being able to print from digital files on my ipod  
Almost Perfect!!. XM radio is taking over the world.... soon everyone will be listening to their Inno while working, playing, and exercising! It is totally portable, fits in your pocket, 
Thought I needed a new DVD player. My DVD player was ready to be thrown out, until I saw this product on amazon. My DVD player wouldn t even load 
Good sound and fit for the price. I like the small size of earbud-type earphones, but they have always hurt my ears when I use them. Since these earphones have 
The H02 problem. After google searching this, I finally found a way to fix the so-called deadly H02 problem. A thanks to miguel cerca who posted this message on videohelp.com 
great value. I am using this product with two PCs running XP and Win 2000. The device works well. I have not used the included software that allows for function-key 
Great Part for your home audio system. This is a great part of your home audio system should you decide to hook your computer or other device with a minijack 
Microphone works great!. This microphone is designed to work with Sony s minidisc recorder, and does a terrific job. It is as portable as the recorder, so it makes the 
This thing works just as described with a land line. Ive tried the dlink skype adapter and this skytone from radion technologies. They both worked well. This one is a 
customer service. Their customer service is wonderful. I on two successive saturdays called their support center and got help that solved my problems.I bought for use in Europe this summer. 
cheapest does the trick. I needed a new USB cable for my iPod because the first I had cracked after repeated use. I bought a replacement at the lowest price. 
Linksys USB 4-port Hub. works just excellent. only thing is that a longer cord between the hub itself, and the connection into the computer, would be nice  
Startup couldn t be simpler. Simply inserted the batteris. Within a minute the clock had synched to WWV. Startup couldn t be simpler.The time seems accurate, and should be more 
Nice TV. After doing a little research on LCD HDTV with the built in DVD player I found the Toshiba to be the best choice for me. Nice sleek look, 
Nothing better then genuine canon. I tried cheap generic cartridges and ended up with a ruined print-head. Bottom line: you ll save in the long run with Canon cartridges  
Quick and Less Expensive. I received my order in just a few days and at a much better price than I could find anywhere else online or at any office 
well pleased. I ve been looking for a subwoofer for our entertainment center, and I ve looked at this one quite a bit. I wasn t too sure because it 
Just the right size. It s 6 long with a 12 power cord that wraps around the length of the outside and plugs into one of the four outlets for 
Best Creative Product Ever!. The state of affairs regarding laptop audio quality is awful. Laptop manufacturers cut corners in every way they can to reduce cost. They assume customers will 
Great Monitor... Great Price! Can t Go Wrong!. This has got to be one of the best and most fairly priced LCD monitors you can purchase. I m using mine 
It does the trick. I needed an inexpensive mouse. Although smaller than I imagined. It works great and for the money, I am very happy  
Great price for OK basic headphones. When I purchased the CV123 combo pack which buy the way isn t even close to worth buying , these headphones were part of 
Great System. I was blown away by the sound quality. Good system at a reasonable price. I would recommend this system to all my friend  
Everything its cracked-up to be!. Easily programmed and easy to use. I now control my stereo in the lower level form my deck on the upper level. Just waht I 
Great DVD. This is areally great dvd. It has a lot of features, which took me awhile to figure out, but it s so cool. The picture is awesome, putting 
Excellent Product. I spent several weeks searching for a replacement for my last mp3 player, a Creative Zen -- I wanted something with no DRM and no cumbersome software interface 
Great card!. This card is so fast. I have never had a proublem with any Lexar product. A in my book  
An Incredible Printer. After close to ten years of using an HP 4L, which still works perfectly , I decided to look for a printer with a larger paper reserve 
Used with iPAC 2795 PDA. The device worked flawlessly with my HP Pocket PC and the Pharos GPS that I had purchased with Microsoft Streets and Trips 2005. The collection 
Clarity. This Multimedia Card arrived so quickly I could not believe it. I have used this Transcend 1 GB MultiMedia Card and it works just great. There is so much 
recommend. I got this card to replace the audigy 2 sound card that came with my computer and I do hear a difference. I would recommend this card to anyone 
Great for the price. Very very loud-enough to make you re ears ring thats a good sign Bass is very deep and the silver volume dots on one of the 
Next Generation Cordless at a Great Price. Nice phone set to be used with other expandable Philips Cordless telephone Base units.Works great in areas with other wireless interference.Great product at 
Tiny. It is the smallest flash drive i have ever seen!!Its cute and the 1GB storage is plenty.Kingston has come out with a true marvel!I highly recommend it!  
Almost too good... I have a slight variation on the black-finished radio here; mine has an all silver front. Probably a custom model for Restoration Hardware stores. Anyway, it s 
AS good as Sony but for far cheaper. I bought the high speed 1 gig duo pro memory sticks from both Sony and Sandisk. I saw no difference between the 
Good compact flash card. This is a good compact flash card. This is faster than most cameras can handle so there was no real reason to go with faster cards 
LiDE600F and Ancient Tomes. I bought this scanner specifically for scanning tightly-bound large books made fragile by more than a century of sitting on their shelves. The LiDE600F is the 
It works. With a digital connection, the only consideration is whether the bits get to the destination. For me, the adapter has been working flawless for over one month. The 
You cannot go wrong with this one... If you have a Sansa, the Griffin iTrip is a perfect match, charges while you listen to your own music. You cannot go 
Great Quality with revised design!. The last review pointed out the design flaw of the solid connectors, but didn t meantion what a great job the cable does--it was like 
Wacom Graphire 4. Product arrived quickly, even though I used cheap shipping. There is a learning curve, but I am enjoying the tablet and believe it is everything I expected 
High speed, reliable and lots of storgae. I purchased this card to go with my Canon DSLR. Initially was worried about the speed of transfer from camera to this card 
Modern cool. I have used this clock for a few months now.Its great.Its the little things like the ease of setting the nap timer or using the snooze.Some guy said 
Fantastic. I didn t have any trouble with this whatsoever. I live in the UK and we have many fewer radio channels, but you can t blame the manufacturers for 
Good but not perfect... These headphones are pretty well built and the reason I give it 4 stars as there is hardly too much of a difference in sound quality 
Nice Car Charger especially if you need low-profile design. The low profile design is very smart, in my car where the AUX input is in the handrest , there is 
Genuine Canon PG-40 Black Ink. The price at Amazon was the best I could find at the time I was shopping for this product. I have decided that using anything 
Can t get any work done. The 52 in Sharp is awsesome. I can t get my work done as I watch tv in the daytime, something I never did. 
This company does great business. I bought one of these about two years and loved it. When we ran out of space in it, we priced new ones and ended 
Scotch Laser Lens Cleaner. Item worked as promised.Issues I had with new DVD s skipping stopped immediately  
Very cute, good quality. Hmm...why is this thing classified as a toy? I bought it at Target in the CD audio section with all the other CD players. Adults like 
convenient and inexpensive. When you have as many discs as I do this is the way to go. I do a lot of re-writes & keep most of my discs 
It replaced my desk lamp!. I don t know what to make of these reviews saying the FlyLight is not bright enough. I can read newspaper print at armlength with 
flex=good. For the price, this is a great little gizmo. What I like most is that the connector is flexible. Most other splitters are rigid and bulky. Not so on 
Wireless motorcycle. I attached the remote to the instrument panel of my motorcycle. The iPod is safely tucked away in a saddle bag out of the elements. No wires, no 
The do almost everything PDA. I ve had my Zire 72 for around a year and half and I love it. It does about anything I need in a PDA. 
One of Nice Mice. The luster surface makes me feel the quality. The changing LED lights are amazing and beautiful. I am totally satisfied with this mouse. The retractable cable 
Store it all!. Using the four gig stick with my Sony 828, Gives me the capability of storing over 1000 eight gig pictures and fifty minutes of high quality video. 
Great, with a compatible Sansa... Like other reviewers, I was impressed with the sound out of such seemingly small speakers. However, my Sansa is much newer e280, and apparently not 
Bose mounting Brackets. The brackets were easy to install. They fit well in the room and allow the spealers to function well. I am very happy with the product  
Not your ordinary AM-FM. With the number of radio stations not yet bought up by Clear Channel, and still aimed somewhat at the graying population, steadily decreasing, we were looking 
neat gadget. I am pleased with my purchase. I listen mainly to XM music so it doesn t matter that its not live. I plug it in at night to 
pretty good keyboard. This is a very good keyboard for games cause it s cool to have bigger directional keys, very comfortable. It s kinda hard at the beginning to 
USB 2.0 Hi-speed 15-IN-1. If you re looking for a media reader I d seriously recommend this unit. It s small, uses bus power so no power bricks , doesn 
Cruzer. Works good, small, and comes with handy little stickers to put on so you can write contact info in case you lose it, though slightly costl  
It s a good product. This is very good product really worth for the amount spent  
MacAlly Firewire enclosure. On two separate occasions I ve purchased the PHR-100AF enclosure. Both times the results exceeded my hopes. They are easy to put into service--the hard disk mounting 
Easy to use. This is a simple plug-and-play card. Ease of installation will depend on your CPU, but mine was a piece of cake! No special configuration needed  
Great buy - no problems!. No problems with the order and received it very fast  
Comfy, smooth sound. I read lots of reviews of various brands here and elsewhere, and based on my findings I bought the Vibe s on Amazon. I didn t try 
great kitchen tv. i don t have this lcd hooked up to a hdtv converter yet, my cable co. does not have any in stock, but it has an adequate 
Great way to watch the IPOD on TV. Great cables, super tough and good quality. This cable needs no instructions. I am color blind and used simple logic to tell 
Excellent clock, good radio. When I received it I read the quick set up and plugged it in and within 5 monutes everything was running. The digits on the clock 
Burlington CD DVD Envelopes. These envelopes are great! They are just what I needed for organizing newly burned CD s. Also, they re great protectors for gift CD s for 
A Must for Laptop Users. I hate not having a number pad on my laptop, and this product ameliorates that situation. Good stuff  
TARGUS SPORT DVD301. This case is great! I bought a 7 DVD player and it fits good. The case in this picture is for a DVD player up to 10 
Great For Multitasking Developers Sys Admins. This switch is truly great for those of us who use multiple machines to get our work done. I myself use this switch with 
Olevia 537H - Best bang for the buck!. Comparing price features performance, I don t think you can beat this unit for a 37 inch HD set. Got mine on 
Smudge-Free Pictures!. I ve used Canon Matte Photo paper for years in my Canon S900 printer. The pictures are stunning! One of the best features is that the pictures are 
Very good black ink on the printed page for the HP printer that requires a HP 92 black cartridge--but it goes fast... This cartridge is very light, easy to install 
Midland WR-100B SAME Weather and All Hazards Alert Monitor. Product works excellently, just as advertised  
Good Value, Good Sound, Good Looks. Good is the operative word here. Not excellent, not fabulous, but plain old good. That s not a bad thing.I purchased 2 pairs and 
Reclaimed some desk space. I have a Dell XPS tower that takes up loads of desk space. I wanted to place it on the floor but was afraid the case 
Monster Cable THX V100. I ve been using these cables for a couple of months now. Picture quality is excellent, although this is my back-up DVD player. My primary is 
We love this TV!. We ordered this TV just over a week ago, in part based on these reviews, and it is everything everyone says. We chose this size to 
Fantastic!. These speakers are fantastic! I travel a lot on business. I also needed something to play my music for work outs at home. In the past, I tried 5 
dymo labelwriter 400. This is my second Dymo LabelWriter, and I would not know how to run a small business without one. We do a fair amount of first class 
A Great Case. I just got this case yesterday...it was a bit expensive at the store, but I splurged. Its a wonderful case, and I love the color. Its smooth 
Perfect for jogging. I clip to my shorts and I m ready for my workout. Great to not have to buy an armband holder  
Best PC Joystick in the market now. This has got to be the best looking and best performing joysticks out there for the PC. Not only is the performance and 
Ipod takes another blow. Well, to begin with, I am a complete iPOD hater. The whole idea of wasting an buttload of money on something with limited features doesn t 
Looking for a quick hobby. The harmonica comes with a CD, a book, and its own zip case attached to the book. The book simplifies learning how to play the 
SLEEK, PERFECT FIT, WONDERFUL WAY TO PERSONALIZE YOUR MACBOOK PRO. Originally, I bought this case as a luxury for my Macbook Pro. I have since decided it is one of 
It is getting much better. I have held off getting a card scanner for a long time because I knew that it would be a challenge to find one that 
great little mp3 player with fm radio. when i first got this mp3 and opened up the box i was surprised how small it is. about the size of a 
Excellent Wall Mount. I purchased this wall mount for my 46 inch samsung lcd hdtv. The instructions were easy to follow and the installation was quick and simple. The mount 
This one can bury iPod. This MP3 player is a better than any in the market right now as far as playing music is concerned. The sound is amazing and 
No complaints!!. This puppy is great. It s faster than my PCI Wireless G with Speedboost, so that must be thanks to the Range Booster, because USB adapters are never 
Works great but is really a four port switch. Installation and network set-up was a snap. The fifth port is really the upstream connection. So you get four clients, not 
A lot of space at a great price. This is a great buy because I have a lot of space. I use the card on my Digital Camera and I 
At last- great storage capacity. Having gotten the new 1 gb 45 hour disc mini disc, I am happy because it is now possible to get on one disc what 
Muti-Card Reader WORKS!!!. Bought this model to access my High Capacity SDHC cards. Works great...No problems, VERY fast! Would buy again for sure  
 fantastic . This piece of hardware is the best bang for your buck! It everything it clames to be.I took it to work and every design engineer in the 
impressive. Ordered the Tabletote on the evening of April 1st and it was on my doorstep on April 6th...terrific service...and what a gem of a portable stand,easy to set-up or 
picture card. lovely. my pictures are so nice an clear.not like the other cards i hadwhere the pictures came out so blurry. i would recommend this card to anyone who 
Great Product, Worth The Price!. I bought this product after reading the reviews on this site and I love it, I have terrible hand writing and always hated the way 
Father s day gift got rave reviews. Bought this as a father s day gift and it got rave reviews. He loves it  
Pleased so far. So far I have been very pleased with these batteries. My last digital camera had it s own battery and held a charge for a very long 
PSP 1.0 Memory Chip. Very good item for the amount of money it cost. I would recommend this item to anyone who is looking for a decent amount of space 
Not the best system out there. I have to say that the sound is impeccable, however the noise it makes when changing discs makes me want to send this player 
Popcorn Maker. the Popcorn Maker works great , It does have a tendency to over heat a bit when you make several poppings in a row  
Great for the price. The only thing I don t like about it, is the scanning area is upside down where most scanners you open the lid and put your 
Good value for a CD player. Great product. The reviews we read were correct in their assessment of the product. It is easy to operate and we had it installed 
If you like your Pioneer Inno, you ll need a few of these. As an alternative to buying several XM radios and user accounts, I bought a couple of these 
Works Great!. I don t ask much of this device. I needed something to hold thoughts when I don t have paper handy. It fits in my pocket and works 
iSkin eVo3 delivers. It s really nice when a product simply delivers. This case protects the pod, feels good in the hand, looks good, and is unobtrustive. You can buy 
A Wired Dream. I bought this dream system to compliment my Samsung HL-R5087W 50 HDTV DLP television. If looks could kill these two products together win hands down. Overall I 
Does All I Expected. It has 1080i resolution and good sound. Time Warner has few HD Channels though. Sound limiting function works great. I would like to use the smart 
A Wired Dream. I bought this dream system to compliment my Samsung HL-R5087W 50 HDTV DLP television. If looks could kill these two products together win hands down. Overall I 
Shuffle Bang&Olufsen A8 earbuds. I love my shuffle but could not stand the crummy earbuds that came with it. They were uncomfortable, fell out easily, and really hurt. I splurged 
Great Equalization at great price. This is an excellent sounding EQ with a very user friendlylayout. The only downside is the EQ display, which has LEDs for separate right and 
Works well, inexpensive alternative. I had originally purchased the monitor stand from dell for my laptop but i was bulky and took up too much space. My laptop slides neatly 
Decent LCD stand... Decent stand... Definitely LCD only... Molded plastic but sturdy enough to hold an LCD... Same deal with the speaker stands... The shelf for the monitor is ok 
An Expensive TV That Doesn t Disappoint. In my opinion, Sony s strength lies in its TVs. This line of LCD sets are expensive, but you ll definitely get what 
Best Deal on Amazon. I would only use genuine Epson Ink for my 2200 and when Amazon has them on sale with free shipping- it is really a great deal 
iHome. Im probably one of few people on here who has a positive review for this item! I got this for christmas from my dad. I believe he bought it 
Big Improvement Over Stock Antenna. With the stock antenna it took a long time to aquire the GPS Sats. Also in bad weather rain & clouds many times it would 
Apple mouse. Though I love the concept, this is the 2nd one I ve used as the lst one lost the ability to scroll! Apple needs to beef up its 
Stellar. The flash drive is very convenient and the ultimate in portability. You hang it around your neck from the lanyard. When you re ready to use it, just unclip 
Linksys WRT54GX4 Wireless-G Broadband Router with SRX400. Great router, easy to configure. Range is not as great as I thought. I have a 4800 sqft house and after about 2000ft 
IPod saver. I bought a 60GB Video IPod on ebay, and it came with some scratches on the screen. I bought this of ebay as well and I t helped 
Neved disappointed from Sony. If you are looking for quality in video equimpent, there is only one brand for me - Sony. The DVD player has slick design, great video 
Great product at a graet price. Not only is it a great product at a great price, it just looks so COOL! I have not noticed a huge change in 
Good Set of Speakers. I these speaker on vacation. Good sound in a small package. And the fact they charge at the same time, GREAT!I also use then in the 
Great computer mouse. This is so great for laptop. You don t have to worry about the wire especially when it is in your laptop bag  
product good, amazon..not so good. Product is alright for the money. Be careful and think again before using amazon. They do not follow through on what they promise you and 
Great card for the price if you have the power. I bought this for myself and crashed the hard drive on my Dell. They are serious about the size of 
Very efficient. I ve been using this drive for more than a year now and hasn t cause a single problem yet unlike my older external enclosures which all of 
Not bad for an entry level HDMI passthrough device. I recently purchased this for my spare room. I already own the yamaha 6090 for true HDMI switching. If you are 
Harmony Remote. Best remote product I ever purchased. I have the older version of the Harmony and This newer version is 10 times better. Lipo battery last for ever and 
Best Tablet ever - get it if you like wide strokes. Best ever, I can tell...My choice for a 9X12 format was a decision taken based on my traditional arts 
Excellent for the price. Our department of Engineering purchased several of these to use with electrical engineering lab experiments. We have been impressed with the clear sound quality and the 
Beauty in a Sleazy Dress--the Good, the Bad and the Ugly. The GOOD: We plugged in our new LNS2651D on 3 7 7, about an hour northwest of Tampa Bay. 
A good choice. I received them OK none broken or cracked. This price beats Walmarts price and these cases are as good as any slim cases I have ever used. 
usb audio adapter. it works great, i m using it as 2nd audio channel instead or adding a new audio adapter boar  
A HAPPY CUSTOMER. Wonderful sound and nice bass...small and compact.. easy directions to understand.. remote simple to use..just a great complete uni  
works great. I just got it a few weeks ago and have yet to fill the card but am happily taking lovely clear pictures  
Handy bag. I am very happy with this DVD tote, except for the fact that there really isn t enough room to fit the AC DC adapter.  
Good connector. This product does the job with no problem. I had a dell laptop that I wanted to display on my tv screen. I had an s-video cable but 
Great price for a great product. I m just so impressed with Amazon s prices. This is the first place I look to purchase any electronic equipment. I knew I 
best money we ever spent. I have never written a review before but feel compelled to share my story. This monitor is one of the best things you can do 
Dual XDM6820: A Dang Good Deal. I too was looking for an iPod connection for my 99 9-3 Saab that was w o original radio cd. I couldn t believe 
OK BUT HAVE GOOD TOOLS & PATIENCE!. My only complaint about this unit is that the doors are a little difficult to line up. The door hinge screws are real 
Mixed Feelings After Four Years. There is still a lot to love about the S350, big full sound, incredible FM reception, generally strong AM reception, good rugged looks. But the 
No problems on an iMac. I haven t had any problems using this DVD CD burner over Firewire on a G4 iMac running Mac OSX Tiger. In fact, setting the 
The BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I ve had this device for about a week and I absolutley love it!! It has great sound and I love waking up to my ipod every morning. 
A great drive. I picked on of these up at CompUSA which is closing many of it s stores. Yes there is fan noise but what do you expect it 
Solid Performance. It does correctly what it should.There is no loss of quality image. There is no need of plugin it to an appliance. It has no remote control.It can 
Ideal for the road warrior. In my never-ending search for smaller and lighter travelling accessories, I have tried many power strips. This is absolutely perfect for my purposes!I have not 
A trusty adding machine. I ve used Casio calculators for over 20 years and love them. Good keypad layout, easy-to-use buttons, intuitive commands. This scientific calculator is perfect for engineering 
Solid Product. I bought this micro SD card for use in my Nokia camera phone. Taking it in and out of the phone is a little trouble, but only because 
Extra benefits. This unit is battery powered and mine arrived with a dead battery, however, replacing that was quick and easy although irritating. After installation and use for a while, 
Lifetime Subscriptions. Technically this is not a review , but I think it s important to note.You can NOT transfer your TiVo lifetime service plan to a Series3 or ANY 
Very nice little radio. I just needed a small inexpensive radio with a good stereo headphone jack to listen to at work that had better reception than my iRiver music 
Nice Cover. This is a very nice cover for the nano. It is thick and protects the nano, and may even protect it during a fall. The hard plastic cover 
Experience The Monster Difference. This cable completely changed a new, small TV s picture with better color and resolution. The difference was so major we switched all our televisions to 
The Perfect Add On For Your Camera. The SanDisk SDSDH-1024-901 is absoultely worth the extra money if you love to take many pictures without worrying about how many pictures are 
Good Choice. I use it with a gen5 30gig Ipod Video. good protection for the price. The arm band is good for jogging, it bounces around a bit when running. 
Delphi SA10069 Home Adapter Kit. Works great, easy to hook up regardless of who you are, I would highly recommend  
A great choice. ... That said, I m very happy with this printer. Other reviews, like the one on C|Net, have faulted the printer for mediocre text printing. I can 
Definite Improvements. I had recently purchased a Samsung LTN 325W flat panel television. As you may may not know, LCD televisions tend to receive analog signals poorly. That was no 
Excellent product and super great price!. These lables work great. I have used several different brands with my CD Stomper Pro program and sometimes certain brands do not stick or 
Worth the big bucks!. Considering the Logitech website states that this product isn t available until Oct.31st, I don t know why people are ancy. Mine came 3 weeks ahead 
Easy to Setup. Radio was easy to setup w instructions. Loud beeping can be turned off w button on side of unit, but remember to turn back on to recieve 
Initial Impression. HP Officejet Pro K850:Initial Impression: Setup is easy: Documentation: Clear and concise:Did not use CD, downloaded full software package from HP s site: Installation on windows xp with 
Sylvania Simplicity. The product description details the various attributes of this TV, so I ll limit my comments to personal experience.After considerable research, I decided to buy this HDTV based 
EXCELLENT. EXCELLENT, first-class, marvellous, brilliant, superior, outstanding, and of high quality. You will never regret buying this product. ALL words you will find it and slang words too. There are1 
Pain to figure out, but yes, it works!. You may as well pitch the instructions because they re worthless and the only reason I m not giving a 5-star rating 
a lovely kid. Since I bought the CD-2-Cassette adaptor, I have enjoyed and am enjoying my sweetness songs in my car. This adaptor works wonderfully. I love it  
Awesome Radio!. Great Sound. Fun colored lights. Great Design. Love this radio  
A high end product in an affordable package. I have been looking into many different brands and styles of cans, even the high end Sennheisers and AKGs. Well with that 
Excellent Value and Performance. Using the HDMI output provides a HD quality picture. I m not sure if more expensive units have a better picture, but I doubt it. Save 
FINALLY GO WIRELESS WITH YOUR OLD CLIE. This item gives wireless capability to Clie users, and it s the only option if you dont have a wireless integrated handheld.It is 
Labeling Tape. I use this 1 4 tape on all types of surfaces. It is easy to read and sticks well. Makes orginizing easy  
terrific value!. My 11 yr old son received this as a gift and absolutely loves it! The sound has good quality, its easy to use and it fits easily on 
Nice case ... junky power supply. I have been using my Sonata II case for about 2 years now. I love the design, very sleek and nice on the outside. 
Easy setup, works well. I purchased this drive to provide our family with a common repository for photos and videos captured with our various cameras. With file sizes for 6 
The Best Bike Computer I Ever Had. I don t need the training capacity of the 305. This one tracks every move I make whether I m on my bike, 
Music Van. This item is outstanding. It is static free and easy to install. The wire could be just a little shorter so it doesn t look like a clutter 
Unconfortable. The product is well made and nice, but it is difficult to put a 15 notebook in it. It fit so tight that I think it was made for 
Gets the Job Done. I use this to connect a PS2 to the Internet and it seems to be working, although it took a bit of setup. If you re 
HDMI cables. All I have to say is that these cables are wonderful. They made the installation process much easier  
It works!. In retrospect, I wish I had ordered the WR-300, as the WR-100 does not have an AM FM tuner. When you re hiding out in your bathroom during 
Very small .. slow only when writing a group of small files. I like the size. The speed on reading and writing is usually just fine, but when writing a 
SING LIKE A STAR WITH FREEDOM. Freedom of movement excellent quality as well as pro look. At this price why buy and replace too often, a 18 mic with a 
Phillips Headset. These are excellent headphones. I use them with my iPod and have tried several other brands and styles. These are the best that I have experienced. The bass 
Western Digital WD800BB. Works well. The package contained no instructions. I was experienced with installing other WD drives so it was easy for me. You can go to the Western 
Super Adapter Power. i ve used allot of different adapters but this one is got to be the best ever. the Linksys WPC54GX4 work with all routers,but when you pair 
Lightning speed writing. I use this card with my Nikon D200. The card writes data incredibly quickly, saving my raw 10.2 MP images with no problem. I ve used this 
Cost Specialist. We really loved the item. The size of the Flash drive is perfect! We have a tight spot to insert the driver and this item fits perfect  
Not for stick figures. Yeah read the reviews on here and found 3 or 4 of them to be extremely helpful because they were big guys too and it fit 
Wonderful Price!! Working well with my SonyEricsson!!. This thing is selling in the Best Buy with 53.33 tax. I bought that in here for under 40 with free super saver 
Beware of the AC Adaptor being advertised. The AC Adaptor that is listed as an accessory does not work with this radio - the polarity is wrong  
This will work until upgrade to Blu Ray. I did a lot of research before buying a new DVD player and so far I am quite happy with the 860. 
Outstanding. Great machine, easy setup and I found the HP Photo Value Pack , which has all 6 ink cartridges plus 150 sheets of HP 4x6 photo paper at WalMart 
Good Value Receiver. I used Consumer Reports rating to select this unit in addition to online reviews by others. According to CR, the useability was rated above average and I 
As advertised. I had an old scientific calculator from Texas Instruments, and it was terrific. I used it since sophmore year in high school. When I thought I lost it, 
Very good TV with one annoying fact. The TV was offered at a great price by Amazon, and was promptly delivered as well. It provides a beautiful picture, especially with 
Works fine for all electronics goods. Its really works fine for my items as well as my son s toys. We both are happy with this  
METRA Ltd S12-50 12 Gauge Clear Speaker Wire. The 12 guage wire was the correct wire guage for our Home Stereo HD systems. The wire jacket is for in wall 
Excellent DVD MP3 changer at any price. I chose this for two of its features: the 5-disk changer that lets us watch different disks without having to get up to 
memory. excellent service and price. Shipping was faster than billing. I highly recomend this service providor  
A little disappointed in my printer upgrade. I have been using a Canon i550 for several years now printing calendars for my family around xmas time. Each calendar is 13 
Works well - great price. Lots of storage at a good price. Speed is very good - more than ample for basic data storage - Nuvi info, maps, etc. More 
Best stereo receiver for the money. I researched my receiver purchase for a 2X system with phono input and almost bought the Harmon Kardon, but got advice from friends that 
I own one and one is all I need. I recently purchased a Konica Minolta Z6 and this was my first purchase of a Digital camera of this calibur as 
Works great. Plugged in and worked just like it was supposed to. Used between my new Dell computer and old HP printer with no issues  
Works well with Fedora Linux. I am not a gamer. I do like this joystick, it was very easy to install it in Linux  
A Good Line Doubler for the Price. For the Price, I doubt you could do better. True, there are higer-end devices out there that will improve your picture to the 
Me likey. This thing works great. It brings-in stations that the RCA piece-of-crap it replaced could never hope to. It s small and unobtrusive, so far as antennas go, so 
Attractive and sturdy and no external power needed!. Very pleased with this enclosure. I ve used a couple of others in the past but this one is much more refined. 
fits like a, uh, glove. My Lenovo T60 with extended battery fits inside perfectly, and the Body Glove fits neatly in my shoulder bag. The Body Glove is well padded 
GREAT BUY!. Ok 1st off I never liked sony to begin with but after I got this receiver my whole perspective changed this thing has power and accuracy exactly where 
How much easier can it get?. I had tried to use my Mac computer to transfer my home movies of the last few years to DVD so the kids could 
The best case, and I ve tried others. I tried two other cases before this one, and this is by far the best. The only thing I would do to 
Adorama Slinger Bag GREAT . I purchased the Adorama Slinger Bag after first purchasing the Tamrac Velocity 5. The Tamrac bag is a nice bag and can be worn as 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
Great product. I bought this memory card for my camera sd500. At first, I was very dispointed when I only see 1gb on my laptop. After googled around, I realized 
Verbatim DVD R - Inkjet Printable. Nothing beats these DVD s. They are the best for making movies and videos, with no errors and they print so, professional. I will 
Good Brand, works fine. I had no problems with this brand, I bought 2 items and then 2 more. I had problems before with non branded one, but with transcend 
Great Gadget. I have had this for a year now and it works great. Matches ACU color. I would buy the 430 or 420 with the color screen but I 
Nice Ipod case. Very nice case. Should do the job! Well made and good looking. Still preserves the compactness of the unit while protecting it  
SKYFi2 Home Kit - A . My husband purchased the SKYFi2 for his car. I gave him the home kit for Valentine s Day. We love it and listen to 
poor picture, great value. Everything is great about this item except the picture, which is good enough if you re simply seeking an entry level camera.  
UHF only. This antenna is one of the best indoor UHF antennas, but is designed for UHF only. Many cities use both UHF & VHF for digital TV.To see if 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
Other than that it s perfect. I have notice that the sound volume is lower when it goes thru the device. But my speakers are plugged directly on my motherboard 
Workss. good, but to use dual moniter, you have to configure it from Nvidia control panel  
Long lastin. As a busy mother with two small kids, batteries are a constant. I always wind up findinf out at 8:00 at night that my daughters need new batteries. 
Good, detailed outdoor speakers. I bought these speakers originally as a replacement for a pair of weathered Boston Acoustics attached to our overhead lattice in the back yard. These speakers 
Works as advertised. Good value for what you get. Works fine. Lots of accessories included that usually add a lot more in cost  
TIVo nearly all I expected. Just like a computer is useless without the programing, the TIVo DVR is useless without the TIVo Service and your programing source. TIVo allows a 
Good Product. This was a wonderful deal. I am pleased with the price of the dvd storage cases.  
Works Wonderfully!!. If you have, or are buying, a canon bjc-50, 80, or 85 protable printer the bjc-85 is great , this is really a very neat extra that works 
Works as advertised but be careful!. I use this cleaner on my Canon 20d along with the swabs of the same brand and it removes every single mote of dust. 
Works Fine.....Good Unit. I ve owned this unit now for 6 months and never had a problem yet. I can t understand all the negative reviews here. If you read 
Yup it s rugged. I had been trying to figure out what was the best portable hard drive for my Mac. I decided on the LaCie120GB Rugged All-Terrain External Hard 
Excellent purchase ... The initial flash card that came with my camera was far too short to save pictures. When I went surfing for another flash card with some depth, 
Miglia TV Mini HD. So far this has been a great product. I use it almost every night and enjoy watching it even more than my regular non HD TV. 
Toshiba 23 Good Value. I ordered the Toshiba 23HLV86 for x-mas. It came on time and all was as advertised. I like having the DVD as part of the TV 
good. fits my 15.4 widescreen perfect. works well for putting the computer into another bag that doesn t have paddin  
Cheap option. The cheapest option I found at the time but an excelent pen drive. Small and with a good style  
A Solid All-In-One Printer. I have owned this printer for over six months and have yet to have any problems with it. Used on a daily basis, my printer is 
THE Ink for the EPSON Stylus Photo R1800. If you own the EPSON Stylus Photo R1800, this is the ink for you.  
wonderful!!. Sounds great, easy to use and easy on the battery!Software is absolutely no problem and ultra easy.Cannot understand why people are having difficulty with it.1GB disc is awesome  
Finally a bag I like. I ve tried several different laptop bags, from over the shoulder to carry to backpack. I really like this one because I can put everything 
from the Tripp-Lite site:. Tripp Lite s INTERNETOFFICE700 standby UPS system offers surge suppression and long lasting battery support for personal computers, internetworking equipment and other sensitive electronics. Internal UPS 
Older kid. The walkman is easy to use with enough memory for my meager uses. The sound is excellent, but I use an older set of Sony head phones rather 
good earpieces. These are way better than PHILLIPS noise cancelling.Have been using these for about a year with no issues. They fit quite snug in the ears and sound quality 
Works very well. I bought this product because I wanted to get a portable USB external hard drive that can store about 50 GB without requiring a separate AC power 
Greatest Stands at a Great Price. After doing a lot of research on speaker stands for the home, I decided I needed very good quality, heavy speaker stands, with a 
couldn t hope for better. i got the right decision when i brought it. it functionned instantly when i put it in my hp 720 camera. it is provided with 
A lot of dough, but a great cable. This is an absolutely beautiful cable. If you want to get a great quality F-PIN cable, then this is it. I don 
MARIA BOWEN. This is a great product! The first one I got just went dead, I thought it was because I put a password in. I took it back to 
XM Radio Mini Tuner. This tiny device is an actual radio tuner.I put it it the home dock. Hooked it up to my XM ready receiver.Registered on line, and in 
The best memory for Nikon D80. really, really fast memory write... simple the best SD  
Reasonable price, prompt delivery & excellent condition. I ordered this DVD VCR combo as a gift, hoping that it would arrive before the birthday. Not only did it arrive in 
Great for Everything!. I ve only had this iron for a few months but the purchase was definitely worth it. It does everything advertised and it does it very well. 
Love this phone. Great unit. One of the few 4 line cordless phones. Easy to transfer calls between handets. Sound is great in terms of volume and clarity. A great 
Great!. My 4 yr old granddaughter just loves this while she is in the car. Works great, her parents think it was well worth the price I paid for it! 
Last Intel s mainboard ... ... for processor LGA775 and chipset 975x !?!?Package contents : 5 stars.Mainboard features resources : 5 stars.Product manufacture : 5 stars.Price by the product offered 
Good sound for the price..,. I bought this as a gift, but I get to experience the sound and feedback. It sounds great. Volume, bass, and reach is good. However, 
Amazing Radio. The best sound I ve ever heard in a radio. I also own a Cambridge Soundworks 730 and a Bose Wave CD Radio.Despite the fact that this is 
Beauty, high end quality, & excellect price make this a WINNER!. Having been in the TV industry for over 20 years I became jaded about Sony televisions. For nearly 15 
please understand audio equipment... read this!. The last reviewer stated that the center channel speaker is barely audible and the speakers sounded horrible . There is nothing wrong with these 
A little expensive but worth the price. My Sansa E series works great with this speaker, looks great and allows me to play music so others can listen too. Sound 
Unbeatable Quality. This HDTV was more than I ever expected. The picture quality is awesome! The controls were easy to use and learn. It is truly enjoyable! The only difficulty 
Made a cheap turntable sound great on a high-end system. I decided to dust off my old Technics direct drive turntable and play some records in the family room for 
Good quality for a low price. The sound is much better than I had expected. I mostly play 20-30 year old tapes made from my 60-80 year old 78s, and 
Just as good as MONSTER s!. I was seriously considering purchasing the Monster brand equivilent to this product, but didn t want to pay the 100. I ve had this 
Night and Day. Just switched from S-Video cables to this HDMI to DVI picture on my projection TV and the difference was amazing  
Good Sound, Low Volume. They are good for the price. They have a very good sound quality, or at least better than the ones that came with my Sony Walkman 
Faster than my older CF cards. In general, I have realised that CF cards have a 1-2 years life. This is my 3rd CF card in 5 years, and my 
Mini Disc has reached a pinnacle. Once I solved the software issues, this unit has been nothing but impressive. I gave it 4 stars as I frequently hook the unit 
Not a bad scanner for the price. I bought this to replace an 10-year old 100 channel Uniden Handheld.My old one was great, but contacts and connections were starting to 
Super Stick s a Kick!!!. Not much to say but simply it does what it s supposed to. It s small, efficient, and works like a charm. What more can 
Great for the Kids!. My kids love crafts and this little Backster has been a wonderful addition to our craft project collection. In the past, their paper projects have been 
Postage When I Need It!. I purchased the LabelWriter 400 Turbo and then read the reviews. I was a bit scared that I had purchased a lemon. However, it arrived 
Great Product for the Money. I purchased this particular CB because of the front firing speaker. The size is perfect for IN dash installations, and it is very user friendly. 
Wow. This is prob. the best item I`ve boughten this year..!!!Totaly awsome system TV, Radio, Surround all in one..!Great buy.  
Good no non-sense protection for your mini iPod. Simple, effective, and inexpensive, the Kensington sheath rather than being an actual case is a good investment. I go running with my 
Helps Prevent Dust Buildup and Overheating. The Memorex 10OZ 152A AIR DUSTER is a lifesaver for computers. While it won t help with viruses or adware, it does blow dirt 
Excellant for the price... I happen to use the computer a decent amount, and I was get tired of using the cheap one-buttoned mouse that came with my eMac a 
Just ordered it, here is why... Patrick Miller SAUROPOD already said it better but here is another take:.If you are going to buy a receiver ALWAYS go to the manufacturer 
Exactly what it says it is. A SERIAL CABLE. Nothing more, nothing less. If you already have one, you don t need this. If you don t have a serial 
Sharp LC13SH6U 13 LCD TV. We bought this TV because it had a small enough height to fit below kitchen cabinets. However it has performed better than other larger and 
converter cable. We received this item very quickly. It was exactly what we ordere  
Good prints, good price. I bought this tonner for 65 and I think it justify it s price. I use it with a HP LaserJet 1022, but you can use 
Blows Air Across the Entire Laptop Underside. Unlike many cooling solutions I ve tried, the PacificBreeze actually blows air across the entire underside of the laptop. It does this by 
Just loud enough to annoy my neighbors !. you gotta love these speakers ! small but powerful----easy to connect and wall mount----or shelf ---- can be easily turned in the 
Crazy Graphics performance!. This thing in a Core 2 duo Rig will run all games available now at max settings. Its a monster both in size and performance . Will 
Adequate enclosure. Costs too much, but better than a cheap plastic housing. Works flawlessly so far. Annoying huge blue and red flashing light on side. On Off switch feels cheap 
Samsung 4696D. I have had the TV for a couple of months... absolutely love it... why go through all of the agony with XB2 clouding issues when a wonderful TV 
Nice product. I have been using this product for some time. My vehicle has a windscreen that blocks reception. By placing the antenna which has a powerful magnetic base on 
Great Phone!!!. This is the monochrome display expansion handset for the SD7561 or SD7581 phone system. I own the SD7581 and one of these additional handsets.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this phone!!!It 
Little Radio, Big Performance. I ve had this radio for over 6 years. I love the choice you have with this radio. Alarm, TV,AM FM,Weather,TV. It s very easy to 
I guess we re the exception... We ve had this printer for almost two years. I do a good amount of printing, both color & b w. While I do 
Delphi XM Home Adapter Kit. Very happy with the ease of setting it up and the great reception from the tiny indoor antena  
good value. Great value for the money. Great sound, lots of power. The only feature that needs improvement is the am fm reception. I am going to need to buy 
Great Product Beats the rest. You cant beat this charger. Batteries are ready in 15 minutes and the last a long time.  
Excellent Product. Great Product, very good design and meet all the specs for the price.  
Great service. We were going on vacation and received the SD card in time to take many pictures. It was in the original package. Very pleased  
VERY CLEAR AND STAYS ON. There doesn t seem to be much to it for the money, but it fits my Vision M screen perfectly, stuck right on, is very 
Great but had to modify slightly. This item works well in my Toyota Tundra with my XM MyFi. However, I did have to file down the little piece that slides 
Good Product. This is a neat device and I use it quite often. It is a little bulky but all of the features make up for it  
TWright. Just got my 2nd IRiver T10.. My first one was the 1 gig..Used it for almost a year..still in great shape..Wanted the 2 giger so i upgraded to the 
ITS FAST. I was just reading the one before me and did not realizeI guess it have to be the same brand.I did not tried yet with another brand but 
Foam ear plugs for Shure headphones. I like this type of ear piece over the others since these are the only ones that actually stay in my ear. On the 
Works like it s supposed to. I bought this UPS to help protect my Tivo and TV. It worked fine out of the box and when I pull the power 
Great Product, BUT its XP installation was NOT straight forward. I agree completely with Mr. Spark and Mr. A.T. This is a great product, and the price-performance ratio is just 
Best rechargeable AA battery. The eneloop come charged and they hold the charge for a very long time if not in use! In addition to this they have obviously a 
Got this for My Tivo... and it worked as soon as I hooked it up. Very happy with it  
Geat Deal!. This card is great! It works really well in one of my mp3 players, and in my digital camera. I switch cards all the time between my electronics, 
Works great for me.... The eVGA e-GeForce 7300 GS is just what I needed to play the type of games I play......My computer had intergrated video before and that just 
Nice PDA Case. I only have 1 problem with this case, and it s the lack of belt clip or another sort of hanger. the lack of this make it 
works but slow. It does what its supposed to do, but its kind of slow. I bought it for my LG Fusion phone. I am not sure if it is 
Fantastic Quality High Price. -This ink is a great quality and produces high quality images for any of your purposes. However, the downfall to these high quality images is higher 
Good bang for the buck. Exactly as advertised. Works great and includes all accesories as shown. Not as nice as some others I have seen in the 200 rage, but 
good so far. I have had this item for about 6 weeks. Haven t used to a lot, but so far I like it. This power inverter is smaller and 
An essential for Type-A folks. I love this PDA! I ve been using it for about a year and a half. It s fantastic for managing appointments, even if you 
neato item. This armband is great. it does what its susposed to, i had a skin on my ipod that i had purchased at an earlier time that i tried 
Simple, inexpensive but good quality. While these recorders are considered old fashioned by electronic geeks, they are very useful for those of us who just want to use the counters 
Mimi DVD RW. Product is good. Delivery was just in the time when I neede  
if you want to hear all the music. The previous review says a lot, and I agree with what is said. I also considered the Klipsch, but read some so-so 
so far its great!. Small and compact yet padded enough to protect your mac if you drop it. Good buy  
Great Deal. Unit works very well, outstanding value, comes nicely packed. Get out your old LP s and get ready to jam!!  
Delphi SA10112 FM Direct Adapter. Great product. Totally eliminates the need to constantly change frequencies in urban areas  
Nice Tech. With this I dont need to have an I podand the price is great too  
Canon 13x19 Photo Pro Paper. The quality of this paper is superb! I purchased this to use with the Canon i9900 printer. The quality was such that I showed a 
Great Amplifier Distributor. Using to feed digital cable to 6 rooms and broadband - 1 input feeds HT, FR, 4 BRs, and cable modem. In a recent service call by 
Terrific recorder, misleading product title. Wouldn t you think a product whose title reads with Dual Power Source would actually include the AC adapter? Not in this case, although I 
Excellent Service from DeLORME. I have an earlier version of this program and the antenna. It works well in the car with my laptop. I did not have the trouble 
It s really small.... seriously. It s a great piece of engineering. I can t imagine stuff getting smaller, for the size it s a steal at the price that 
Bose Companion 2 speakers. These speakers are really fantastic. I no longer have need for a sub-wofer, however my friends still insist that I have one hidden away somewhere!The reproduction 
Best thing since my nano!. I ve had my otterbox for just about a year now and LOVE it!!! i tested it before using by putting tissue in it and 
good audio for the price. very satisfied with the size and sound quality of this radio. Good choice for small space. Only one complaint -- the optional electrical cord does 
Gonzalez Give a Moronic Review. There is nothing unusual about this drive with respect to installation. It s just like any other 40 pin IDC. The above reviewer must be 
Lexar Media MULTI CARD READER. Easy to hookup and Windows XP displays the drives of the Lexar. Easy to drag and drop files into the drives. Highly recommended  
Computer to go. Bag is attractive and very sturdy. The computer fits securely and is well padded. I recently used it on a trip and was able to place other 
Easy setup, good coverage. Easy to setup took less than 45 minutes .Strong Wi-Fi signal, works fine two rooms across.Very useful and convenient as it has both wired and wireless 
Used it everywhere...fits everywhere. I recently purchased this adapter before leaving for a long trip spanning Europe, Middle East and South Asia. I was glad that the adapter fit every 
Landline Handset Cord. The black cord appears fine. I hope it does not twist and knot up as my previous one on the telephone did.  
A great remote. We are really happy with this remote. It works perfectly with Star Choice. It has been reliable and tough we have several small children . It was 
Burns right every time. Memorex DVD R s are the best. Price keeps dropping and never have a problem  
Adequate. I first bought Koss Plug headphones to try out the concept of in-ear headphones. Since then, I have researched the genre. The concensus, which I can verify, is that 
realy well built!!. I have really bad luck with head sets I dropped a vise on my last set, really these are really well built headphones, it always seems to 
Fast delivery but some broken tabs. packaging by mfg doesn t keep tabs from being broken off, but vendor was great  
iPod Shuffle Belt Clip. I will admit that Im pleased with this item because, for one when Im doing outside work,I like being able to have full access to my 
Nice Construction, long cord, and actually works. I was skeptical that this would work because of the difference in impedance between the headphone jack and the RCA audio jacks. However, 
Improvement over KDS-60A2000. Was able to do a side by side comparison of the 55 A2000 and A2020 in two different stores. Noticable improvement in both cases. Picture sharper, brighter 
More about fake cards. I recently received this card from one of the vendors that works through Amazon. It did NOT have the notch at the bottom as another reviewer 
Great!. I have used it for about 2 months with my Olympus camera. It takes 650 photos exactly, at 3.2 megapixels  
Great for the price! Excellent for travel... I bought this and other sony headphones noice cancelling . I travel sometimes because my work and I prefer use the Fontopia headphones 
It works fine. Not the best but acceptable for its price. To my eyes, the printer s rendition of colors is above average. It isn t horrible but neither is 
Incredible picture! with one flaw on old DVDs. The other effusive reviews are spot-on... the picture is fabulous on new DVDs Lord of the Rings, Nemo, Harry Potter . A 
Amazing HD Picture. I am so glad that I paid the extra 200 to get the 600U. It has PIP that the 60U doesn t have.I am able to receive 
Great for musicians. I am using two of this since a year together with m-audios mobile pre and a Mac notebook . It is just great to record with this 
Excellent follow on model. We used a previous version of this system for years. This much improved system handles even the tiny wishes we had from the old system. Music 
I ve not had any problems with these Sony Memory Sticks. I ve owned and use the Sony 256MB Memory Stick Pro pictured in black , and currently also use 
DVD cases. This product is excellent. Keeps all of my DVD s in one, organized space. I would recommend this to others  
Best Med-size Laser Printer out there as of 3 20 07. This is the best Med-size Laser printer in the market. I was a big Hp fan. I own a 
Got the job done. Its the connector I needed, it works fine, no problems. Basically it does what it is suppose to do  
Great sound bright blue light. Love the stereo, this model is a 2 channel but has clear power and is a great backup or 2nd receiver. The look is the 
Great case!. I bought this case to upgrade my computer and test several motherboard cpu combinations. I have been able to run several combinations P4 478, D805 775, and C2Duo 
Meets Expectations. I checked previous reviews before purchasing this notebook case. What I received is what I expected. Lots of compartments to store needed accessories, sturdy construction, pleasant appearance. As 
Superior product at fraction of the going price!!. It s hard to believe that this product is a better quality than those found at Radio Shack, for about 25 of 
Love it. The Epson PictureMate is easy to use and the colors are the best!! Many options for editing the pictures before printing. Would recommend it highly.  
Perfect for PSP. I use this 1GB card in my Sony Playstation Portable, and it is awesome! The tranfer rate using the USB 2.0 cable to the PSP is very 
Mangile reviow of Kingston 4GB. The Kingston 4GB memory stick is working great. It has saved me a lot of time in transfering files from one computer to the other.I 
Excellent value for the money. After spending a lot of time reviewing the various alternatives for handheld mapped GPS units, I came to the conclusion that I needed a unit 
i pod adapter. very easy straight foward install. great item, if you buy a pioneer face and have an ipod this is a necessity. great product all around worth the 
Excellent Regatta Watch. I have been looking for quite some time at different sailing watches. As a bowman, I compete quite heavily in sailing regatta s and have tried several 
Good for large components. Sure, there may be other racks that put looks over function, but if you need deep shelves with large openings for your phat gear, this is 
turntable was a good purchase. The TV Turntable is just what was advertised. Nice item. Very functionable and has a classic finish  
Excellent product !. I use it when I jog walk and it really keeps me in stride. My only problem is that Amazon does not have the arm bands but 
Near-perfect recorder. I upgraded from a Sony MZ-NH900 which I still have to the RH1 primarily for three reasons: the OLED display; its ability to retain manual recording settings without 
Flawless recording with Sharp DV-SR3U. Just a quick note that these discs work flawlessly in my Sharp DV-SR3U recorder. And when I record finalize in Video mode not VR mode 
Well satisfied. Great product and great service. Moe is an asset to Cables on Line  
Good addition to laptop bag. This is a very usefull product. Performs well and stores easily. Makes a great addition to my laptop bag..  
Just What I Was Looking For!. I purchased this USB AC charger for my Sansa e250. It came with a USB cable to connect to the Sansa MP3 player. There 
all around great. i just got this, plugged it into my 07 honda fit, and it s perfect. my favorite feature is that is pauses the ipod when power to 
Netgear WAG511 Dual Band Wireless PC Card. Product came promptly, in nicely wrapped packaged box, but manual and installation CD s were missing. Fortunately all necessary drivers were available from 
Good Quality headphones, not perfect. I recently bought the Koss P9 In-Ear headphones for running.The sound quality is great and they are very comfortable, fit perfectly into my ears and 
APC. I have about 25 APC at my job where I am currently work for school. When the thurderstorm hits my school many time. It won t kill all of 
good gaming mouse. I was using a MX510 prior to getting this. There is a slight upgrade in performance from the 510. The ability to adjust the sensitivity on the 
Logitech Harmony 670 Universal Remote. I bought one for a relative last Christmas. Saw how convenient and easy it was to program. So I bought one for myself this March. 
Excellent. This product is easy to use and works very well. It has already earned back the cost many times over. I recommend it highly  
Excellent Product. I ve had the Belkin case for a month now and it is an excellent product. It was a bit of a hassel just first opening the case 
Lasted Four Years - I weep for Palm. I am filled with feelings of anger and despair as I see the once great Palm Corporation in its death throes. I 
SAHARA from Wenger Triple Gusset Computer Backpack. it s every thing I expected .. I had seen one on the job .. butdidn t have a chance to handle it 
Just what I wanted. I bought these as a gift for my husband to watch TV late at night without disturbing me. He loves them. The sound is fine and 
I Love it... Great HDD. I just bought one yesterday, but I have had the opportunity to use one previously. I liked the feel, look and functionality. However, now through 
Great MP3 player. I purchased this item initially because of the price, compared to the IPOD s. I LOVE it! My husband has the video IPOD and his battery needs 
how new is the pc. For all those writing a review for this product, it would be really helpful if you mentioned how many cpu s your computer is. I 
Small and easy to operate... This small recorder does a great job. It is easy to operate, and picks up conversations with good clarity. It s great for taking notes 
hp. Found product easy to install and easy to use. Great product. Just follow directions and every thing is wel  
Quick shipping. Thank you! The color inkjets seem to be a little off, but it got here in great time, and the black ones work perfectly  
nice and cheap. This is a great little disposable armband. I say disposable because its so cheap you can toss it if you want and get a new one. Nice 
10 out of a possible 9. Bought this TV some weeks back from Amazon subcontractor was Vann s . The TV is absurdly good. Vivid colors, great sound, easy remote, 
Great sound,great size,great FM. Absolutely love this radio, with one exception-AM reception. Any way to boost improve AM reception? This then would be the perfect radio  
Nice Match for the Belkin Pre-N Router. This card is the first wireless LAN device I have ever bought without a visable antenna and was concerned abut performance. My concerns 
Wow~ Can not belive this unit only costs 79. Installation was easy. With the correct harness and knowing your speaker config, it took about 1 hour. BTW, I have never 
great. Great batteries for cameras. They charge quickly, and it s handy to keep the extra 2 spare in the charger and with me all the time just in case 
Great product!. Replacing the surge protectors I had with this one is a great improvement. Larger plugs rest on the lip instead of hanging over the edge and sometimes disconnecting. 
does it job very well. Listening to music in a room with air conditioning, it will cancel out the hiss and motor sounds , click the switch on and off 
This is my second pair. They are great. Like I said above, I am on my second pair of these. The first pair made it over two years of daily 
Works great, perfect length. I purchased this cable so I can watch TV from the internet on my computer. I have an Dell Inspiron 700M and a Sony WEGA KV-27HS420. 
things are getting better!!. I am a user of this item and regards to the previous comments made back in 2003!!! Sony have sorted the problems and do supply cameras 
Blue mouse pads rule!. It s a blue mouse pad. Not too big, works well with my optical mouse. What more can I say  
The Porsche for my desk. The external hard drive is a fairly simple device, so I ll keep this short. It looks great, offers a HUGE amount of storage, and 
Very happy football fan !!!. My new TV finally arrived and I am very pleased with it. I picked this one based primarily on all of the reviews I could 
super slim sleek design - great for using with your HDTV. Works great from even about 50 ft away. Super sleek = fits well with my living room decor. I 
Great sound at a great price. I got an iPod shuffle as a gift, to use at the gym. The original earphones never fit my ears right, so they fell 
great product!. I ordered this cam a week ago,ive used it 2 days now, and i am happy with it. the only thing is that, if you have the new 
Great Product, but not perfect. I love this thing. I was thinking about getting a docking station in the bedroom for the ipod, but that wasn t really what I 
Great Product. This has really helped me get back into running. I promise you that this will help get you pumped to run more. For only 30 you can turn 
Floor Stands. The stands are great. They were very easy to assemble and look good in my den  
PRICE. No problems with the cartridge so far. Cheaper price compared to COMP USA, Office depot, etc.  
Works as advertised. I received the card quickly. It went into my open computer slot with ease and worked right away. Truly was a plug and play item as advertised 
Good Deal!. I gave this to my nephew for his birthday--hold lots of pics and videos at least 250 pics . I wouldn t say it ever cost as much 
Slim, sturdy, multiplatform goodness. I bought the adesso keypad with intent to use it with Mac OSX and windows XP. The device works flawlessly, I couldn t be happier. Plus 
Useful to connect ps3 to my samsung 214t lcd monitor. This adapter let connect my lcd monitor to my PS3 60 GB, this is my only need but its very 
Always dependable!. Honestly, this lower drawer is more dependable than the printer itself which I also love . Adds tremendous functionality to the printer. A great addition to a great 
Everything I expected!. Great price, quick shipping and packaging... just as described! Thank you! Would buy again  
Great Buy!. I had never purchased a wall mount device. At the suggestion of a co-worker, who also has a Sanus wall mount, I purchased one and I love it. 
A TV with character. This TV is easy to use for a young child and so far seems to be real durable as well. The simple images on the screen 
Great System Great Price. I purchased this to work with my DV-Camera for some amature projects. I found the sound quality to do some amature videos. I was surprised at 
Good product. Just got it today. Its bright, and doesnt run hot. The holder is a little weak... which makes it want to droop, but all in all its a 
great price!. Exactly what I wanted to pay for a replacement iPod cable. Thanks for meeting my needs and getting it to me so quickly, and in perfect condition  
Wow! What a terrific receiver!. Ignore the negative comments. If you read the manual and play with the settings, it will become clear to the user how to setup and 
Wireless Speakers. I bought these speakers originally to use with my IPod, and it works great. Now we use them any time we have the TV on to watch the 
Awesome!. Great product. Best portable dvd I have seen and a fantastic price.Delivered in a timely manner and well packaged  
Excellent mouse. Very smooth on any surface, with the right settings you get a quick response anywher  
Great sound, beautiful design, a few flaws. My old alarm clock radio recently bit the dust, so I started a search for an upgrade. I initially looked at the Bose, 
works with both windows and linux. Good card. Works well OOB with both Windows XP and linux. Wireless networking works out of the box with Knoppix 3.6 linux distro. May 
Get more mileage from your vcr. This is the only kind of head cleaner I use. Not only do I recommed this item to family and friends, but for holidays 
Good for the price. First, if you buy these make you you get the ones with rechargeable batteries, you will save the price difference in two battery sets.We bought these 
Great battery at bargain price. Ordered on 3 25 and even with the Easter holiday weekend, arrived on 3 29. Highest mAh rating of all available ENEL1 type batteries almost 
Omnimount is a great choice!. I first saw this mount at a local Big Box store for almost twice the price on Amazon. I liked it, but could not justify 
Great quality cable. I was concerned about the quality of the signal reaching my projector from my AV receiver, but the connectors are secure and this cable provides an exceptional 
Excellent!. My package came before time, in excellent condition..and they even sent me a lolipop! I ll be looking forward to buying things from them more often  
A HAPPY CUSTOMER. Wonderful sound and nice bass...small and compact.. easy directions to understand.. remote simple to use..just a great complete uni  
Does the job perfectly. I bought this device for my wife to use on her iPod nano 4g , and despite this particular iPod not being listed in the compatability 
So happy with my choice!. I searched and searched for the right mp3 player to use when I work out...and although this one had some bad reviews, so did all 
Convenient CD Storage. Great shelving for CDs or DVDs. Small in size holds several hundred units and fits almost anywhere  
Great light weight portable printer. The Canon BJC85 got me through my MBA program. The combo cartridges that house both black and color cartridges are somewhat pricy. Primarily, I used 
Happy with gift. I gave the AC adapter as a gift and they was real happy with it just what they was needing  
Works Great. Overall I ve been pretty impressed with my ipaq acccessories from iConcepts. I travel a lot and didn t want to tote around my desktop charger. Then I 
Great Product for Creative Micro Zen. Pros:It fits perfect on the MICRO. Its lightly padded on the front, it works well to protect the Zen. Its well made, quality construction. 
Sound card review. This card was a major improvement from my previous sound blaster 2.0 Really amazing sound quality for games like battlefield 2, One reason is that with this 
Extension. This arm band works very good, but the arm extension is difficult to attached and use. You could have two diffetent options, or improve the arm extension  
great mp3 player, fast delivery!. The MP3 player was in mint condition, except there is a glitch where it shuts off randomly. But the same one I bought in the 
so easy, even a caveman could do it......... don t believe what you read in other posts. they are obviously written by people that have no programming capabilities what so 
Great Product , fast delivery - instant solution. I was looking for an innovative product that could quickly and affordably destroy a large number of cd dvds. I work for 
What title do you want Mr Frank J Culley?. The product works great. What i didn t like was not having the attachment to charge the battery in my home. 
Plasma tv. This is a very nice tv. However, I do think that the pioneer elite line of plasma tvs gives a richer picture. I purchased this tv because it 
Good printer at reasonable price. The printer works great so far. Shading dithering on graphics is not as smooth as more expensive printers, but text and line art are clear 
Verbatim is the best. I have at least 20 re-writes on each of these discs so far and no problems! They are worth the little bit of extra cost. One 
so far, so good. i was hesitant to get this thing, but it came recommended and has yet to hiccup.fingers crossed  
Monitor arm. after looking around for a while - I decided to give this a try. Well, it surpasses my expectaations. It clears my desk, all of a sudden I 
No complaints. Great DVD VCR Combo from Philips. I ve had good luck with Philips products. Gave DVD VCR to my Dad as a Xmas gift and he loves it.I 
This is my new TV. Watch TV on our 20 iMac with this for our everyday TV. Works like a charm - only small bug is sometimes you have to 
Sabrent 1.44MB External USB 2X Floppy Disk Drive. It works good. I will tell everybody. When somebody has a computer without A Drive, I will tell them to buy this 
logitech microphone. Antonline had not only the best price available at the time but sent the product immediately. Completely sealed I was able to unpackage although it is difficult to 
Great for TiVo, but make sure you get the right version. I ve used my WG111NA with a Series 2 TiVo for six months or so without a hitch. It 
Utterly gorgeous. Let me tell you what this monitor does well: display stuff. I mean it! I have stuff and it looked great on this LCD. The connection terminals are 
works fine, but title is wrong. Works great, I even bought a second one. Keep in mind that this is a USB cable. It has nothing to do with firewire 
Great Cable for Long Distances. All of the PC to Stereo cbales I could find in the stores were only 6ft long. Due to the furniture arrangement in my living 
Great product, worth the price. The Memorex DVD R 16x discs are great. I have a LaCie external 16x burner that I use with my mac and I have not 
Excellent disks, never fail. I read a bunch of reviews before buying my first LightScribe DVDs and Verbatim seemed to get the best rating. After using a number of non-LightScribe 
USB Charger MP3 player. I purchased this item as part of a Christmas gift to go with an Sansa MP3 player - it works well and is less expensive than 
Hp Ink cartridges. I use only the best products, not refills or other manufactures as I have had problems with print cartridges that have ruined my printers. The HP ink 
Better than the included earbuds... More than adequate, but crackle when the jack is rotated in the plug.  
Really good for the money. It s a nice little unit, lacking some of the bells and whistles, but for 198 dollars in March of 2007 it s a pretty 
Definately worth it. I agree with Max. Don t use those inferior cables that come with your DVD player. I just bought a DVD player and immediately got these Monster 
Rock Solid Router. Well I bought this as a replacement for a Linksys wrt54gs that would drop connection sevreal times a month. I read the reviews on the Buffalo and 
Happy so far. I ordered the Cyber-Home DVD on 07 21 2006 and so far I have no problems. The quality of the picture is great. I like the fack 
Great product. In the limited supply of notebook expansion docks this one is great. This is the second one I have purchased and have found it easy to set up 
DO the JOB. These headphones are very good for running as they are light and they go around your ears. They are good for sports in general but lack in 
good blue tooth GPS receiver. I have use wire receiver before. I choose this blue tooth deck recently. It is realy good and easy to use  
Great large format paper!. I do large format prints for friends , family, of my best stuff, and this paper is excellent. I like the fact that it isn t 
Sturdy construction. Easy to mount. I was able to mount a 46 Samsung LCD in just under an hour. Easy to follow instructions. I recommend ordering a stud-finder with this 
simple and effective. I bought it to improve the WiFi range at home over the internal WiFi in my laptop. It installed effortlessly. It is important to install the software 
Worked as expected. I use this card in my DSLR and it works as expected. I haven t run into any problems  
The best !!! Works on Win98se - WinXP. I have bought 30 of these for my company. They work flawlessly as long as your computer is properly maintaned. Do all 
Garmin c550 GPS. This GPS unit is great. I tired the c340 and the c550 is far more superior. I would reccommend this product to everyone  
Works Great, Poor Inaccurate Documentation. Note to Brian: The WAP54G can be configured as a bridge. I have two of them in just such a configuration. Took me about 10 
i liked them. personally, i really like these headphones. i really like the fit of the phones in my ear, i find that the shape really blocks out a lot 
Laptop cooling tray. I am more then 100 satisfied with this product. I was ready to get rid of my laptop because of the excessive heat it produced and poor 
Sony MDR-IF540RK Infrared Headphone review. I have a Sony TV with an integrated infrared transmitter which I ve used for over five years. T ve gone through about 3 different 
Pepper Pad a Useful AV remote. I ve had my pepper pad a little over a month now. Some of the other reviewers I read had issues with the software 
easy to hook up and use. With my Pentium 4, Windows XP system this was extremely easy to use and did not present any technical glitches. Very pleased  
Best thing I ve ever bought. I cannot rate this product highly enough. My eight month old daughter had a cold and could not breathe through her nose, she was 
While there is no `perfect shortwave radio, the Eton E1 offers a potent package. Physically this radio is fairly large, 13.1 x 7.1 x 2.3 , and at around 5lbs 
power plus. I purchased this product to basically run my laptop on trips. On the last trip I took I had to power a few lights and some power tools 
Great Service. The Brother DR400 drum is working flawlessly for the past year. It is easy to install, and I thank Amazon for sending it so quickly. I can t 
Wireless Mouse. I love my wireless mouse that I received for my laptop. It works great! The batteries last pretty long too. I am very happy with the mouse that 
Too Easy... This is my first Universal Remote Control purchase, but I can assure you that the next time I need a remote control, I will be this product again. 
This recharger does the job well. We recharge batteries all the time with this charger and it does an excellent job, all the time  
Delivered on time. The catridge came well in time,exactly in the number of days told, was absolutely new and is running fine  
Eton E1XM a winner!. I ve had mine for two weeks and it is joy to use. Right out of the box I knew it was something special. Too many 
Nedessary accessory for all computer users. I replaced an older APC uninterruptible power supply with this one. I like the power bar design which makes it easy to use. It 
Worth a look before spending 500.... I love reading reviews on products before I buy, and I usually check Amazon before I make a decision. However, when I began looking 
Compatible with the Epson R800 and R1800 photo printers. When it comes to ink for my R1800 photo printer, I am concerned with the quality of the images I print. 
What can I say about a toner cartridge that hasn t already been said?. This is the 3rd Brother laser MFC I have owned in my lifetime. A much better 
Superb Product!. Quality self powered kvm switch that worked right out of the box. Had tried and returned a Linksys and Netgear switch that would not work with my Dell 
this labeler is amazing!. I bought this for my wife and she absolutely loves it. I bought this label specifically because of the computer interface, although I don t think 
Great case. The case is great! It looks great, and is functional. It doesn t add any bulk to the player. THe screen is scratched up a little already from 
Excellent Scan Quality. [...] This is a great scanner especially given the price. I ve scanned photos, film, and text and used the Canon Pixma 1p6700 to print the output 
Completes the rechargeable picture. Where possible, I ve been replacing batteries with rechargeables. Only it s not a good idea for certain kinds of devices - remote controls, media center 
3M Privacy Filter PF14.1 works!. I was a little skeptical at first about the product because of the price but after using it at customer sites I find it a 
Seems to work ok. Seems to clean,my plazma screen with out streaking or running. one of the bottles was leaking in shipping, quality product for the price  
Nice looking, easy to use and. It looks great and is very easy to use, even when driving. The functions are very intuitive although you should spend some time checking 
GREAT CABLES. I HAD A HARD TIME TRYING TO FINE CABLES TO WORK ON MY OLD KEYBOARD. WOW THESE ARE GREAT. THANKS TRENDWAR  
Great GPS. Have tried other handheld gps units, but they were combersome because it required the user to hold it in their hands pointed at the sky. Yeah there are 
Perfect Fit!. I had heard others say that certian of the off-brand batteries that are on the market for the Panasonic FZ20 were junk. I took a chance and ordered, 
Compact, Simple and Good. The kit comes in a surprising small package. The Dock itself, the Remote Control, the USB Cable, very tiny Power Supply Plug, and the Audio Cables, 
Battery endurance. I am satisfied with the functions of this product,however the endurace of the battery chargable is short. It says it lasts 33 hrs, but if I want to 
I like them a lot. This style of earbud headphone is the only comfortable in-the-ear-phone I ve ever used plus they sound good too . I find wedging earbuds into 
Affordable quality. Impress with the unit. It accomplished what I was looking for in a received at a reasonable price. Only set back is only one 1 power connection for 
Solid External Audio Card. The Aurilium does a wonderful job of upgrading both the quality of sound that you get from your computer system and the control you have over 
WOW! Solid construction, almost overkill. I mainly bought this for its reliability, # of outlets and most of all the CleanPower feature. Funky dirty AC power is one of the 
Great card, no problems. I have had no issues with this card or problems. I have had it for two or three years now. Good price  
love it!. I really needed a case for my new voice recorded and it arrived very quickly and i guess i didn t pay attention but i was suprised at 
Wonderful product. I am very satisfied with this product. It protects my entire ipod from scratches including the scroll wheel . I have read previous entries about how lint attracks 
Simply does the job -- well, reliably, easily. This little guy works great. I d had one at a previous job, and wanted one like it at the new job. 
excellent. This is an excellent, reliable product. I bought 2 because of the outstanding sale price  
It s All You Really Need. This wah is obviouslly a classic used by many artists over the years. If your just starting out using wah s then this is 
Top Quality and Low Cost. This is one of the best radios available for the price. The radio is made of good quality materials like older radios. The reception is 
El mejor Pad que he probado. Es increiblemente comodo,, las salidas de aire por los lados no hace que la manos te suden, y es muy comodo jugar FPS y 
Just as promised. Product works just as described. Allows me to store all kinds of things on my new phone. I love the adapter that easily allows me to transfer 
Great value for a great product. This MP3 player comes in handy. With a long lasting battery and enough memory to hold a couple hundred songs. If you don t 
This is the one. I was looking for a complete podcast solution and this is really the one. Instead of worrying about what mics to buy and what interface to 
Excelent choice!!!. I bought this amazing product and now it is easy to have high quality music. Just plug the iPod to your music equipment and you are done.  
Good buy for the . Set up was for most part easy Maxtor hard drives easily recognized, USB printer server doesnt work well with my Dell laser, tried tech-support but 
Great Successess with no problems. I just finished a 25 package of the Memorex 4.7GB 4x DVD R Media and have reordered a 50 pack and 25 pack. All my 
Great product at a reasonable price!. I bought this product after reading several reviews here at Amazon. The setup to configure it to my cable system was a little tricky, 
Love it!. I love that it has two different modes- you can shuffle your playlist or just listen to it in the order you put the play list in on 
Can t Miss With This. I have been in the computer industry for well over 20 years and I have used just about every graphics tablet there is over that 
Best kept secret. This device is absolutely amazing. Why is it only known by word of mouth to geeks? Fantastic!  
so far no problem. I had trouble with other no brand -lost some pictures , had errors, Panasonic works OK so far and I hope it will on my new 
great value. I bought this system for my oldest daughter. I was so impressed with its sound quality, I am ordering one for myself as well. It plays SD cards 
automatic CD repair system. This is a very good product! Instructions are very clear andeasy to follow. I was able to repair 6 CDs with minor scratches.  
Great product delivering good value for people with simple needs. As the previous reviews had said: no frills, basic functions, good sound, compact size, clean look, and a reasonable price. 
Geate device with great price. I have ordered this device directly from Amazon last week and tested it with two screens , it worked perfectly with no problems , vedio 
Just a clock radio?. I took the time on line to read what other reviewers wrote about this particular radio and some other brands. I chose this over another product 
Great Printer!. If you are looking for a fast, high capacity inkjet, this one is for you. And it s wireless connectivity means you don t have to deal with 
Solid laptop sleeve. Perfect fit for a Dell Latitude D620. Works well, no problems so far. I never use the pocket. The neoprene material is relatively thin at least compared 
best buy ever. ive never gotten such a value for the dollar,ive had it for a couple months. I still havent filled up the 512MB space, and i have 70 
Fantastic. I am an amateur photograper at best new to digital cameras . My photo composition is a little bit better than a snap and shoot type person. I have 
Midland glass mount CB antenna. I have had this items before, in fact this is a replacement for one that was mounted on my motor home. the windshield had to 
Great for more than just Gamecube!. I know that if you are looking into getting these cables, you are mostly likely just interested in using them for Gamecube. BUT, were 
Best mouse pad ever, at an unbeatable price. Of all the mouse pads I ve seen and tried, 3M makes the best. They re super-high resolution, due to the surface 
Outstanding Product!!!. I purchased this product after carefully reviewing several options. After all, this would be my first experience with a wireless mouse and I did not want to be 
Totally Satisfied. I researched this item and ones like it before purchasing. For the money, this one can t be beat. Don t be careless with it and it will 
HDUP1500 HDTV Upconverter. This is about the least expensive Scaler you will find, Period. I have a Home Theater system which includes a Front projection system with a D-Theater 40000u 
Overall a good product. This DVD burner works real fast. No hassles. No issues so far. The only thing you should be careful about is, not to move this drive 
Great antenna. Great satellite antenna. I haven t had any problems with it so far with the exception of the little rectangular plastic connector that comes attached to the connector. 
Question About this item. I have a Xbox 360, HD cable box and a progresive scan dvd recorder and I just purchased this item after reading the reviews and noticed 
Cheap, Solid and Does the Job. This item is much cheaper than the other mounts you may find. But it s quality is top-notch. I ordered it thinking it might 
Good, but there is a slight hissing. Used to use a radio transmitter for my iPod, which was terrible in parts of the city. I use my iPod to listen 
Practical case-Keeps your device safe. I got this armband case for the RH910. The extra pocket will fit an MD without the sleeve, but the velcro will just about make 
Good little receiver. I have several shortwave radios, but this has become the one I use the most because of it s small size, generally good performance and ease of 
Does the job. Although made of plastic it is a sturdy cd holder and even holds my Bose cd player on top of it without hurting anything. I am very 
very durable. i ve recorded my meetings over and over about 10-15 times, it sounds as good as the first time  
Koss P9. I have a hearing problem that is non-correctable with hearing aids. The extra volume is a true plus for me  
Works Well with Vista X64. Purchased this unit to replace a Sony card that stoped working when I upgraded to Vista X64. Sony did not support drivers and Vista could 
These batteries are fantastic. I was really pleased and surprised at how long these batteries kept their charge. I put them in my son s radio controlled car which eats 
What is all the fuss about??. I almost didn t purchase this CD player because of all the bad reviews it had been getting, but I decided to go for 
Great product. I really like this car mount... I read a lot of reviews and decided on this one, and I think it s great at a really cheap price. 
Awesome although its not the fatest. If you are trying to get a good quality charger, then Sony BCG-34HRMF4 is made for you.Pros:1] Looks Good2] Battery Indicator.3] Can charge single 
A-OK. These are some of the most reliable discs I`ve ever used. I have tried them all, and these are all I buy now  
fast rolling ball mouse. I use this trackball mouse with a Mac powerbook G4 and find it much smoother, faster and more accurate than the touch pad. Ball moves curser 
Mega Music. Just what I needed - no more cd s in boxes or on shelves. Easy to hook up and load CD s.  
TEAC CD-Recorder. Set up and recording a CD from a record is a breeze. Only complaint is you have to manually create each track  
Panasonic 512 MB SD Memory Card. The 512 SD Nemory works well with my canon camera and at a great price. I can recmoned this memory chip for the Canon 
Good Center - A Bit Pricey. I have an older set of the Bose cubes plus the sub for the front speakers of my surround system. This speaker fit my 
Saves on HD requirements. We are using this card to replace hard drive for a small Linux application, and it works wonderful. Just worried how many times can each bit 
Baby this baby. This is an excellent machine. I bought two of them. There are a few things you need to do. I have had 100 satisfaction using FujiFilm DVD-R 
certainly meets my high expectations. the phone was easy to install. it was pretty much plug and play. it takes a day or two to get used to. it s 
Ends justify the means. So far these overlays are a great investment. After a month or two of use, I feel totally fine carrying my black iPod video around otherwise 
Great Telephone For Power Outages!. I needed a newer corded telephone. I happened to be at my local Best Buy one day, and decided to give this one a try. 
Reliable cartridge. I have this in an HP1012 printer. Print quality is very good and I can usually eek out around 2000-2100 pages out of the cartridge. I m not 
Much more capacity at a fair price. More storage capacity for my phone, memory access is a little slower than 1 Gb memor  
Great Deal!. I m using this Monster cable to connect my iPod to my receiver via an iPod dock and it works flawlessly. Sound is crisp and clear. Plus, it 
Toshiba 32HL66 LCD HDTV Review. Received shipment of TV in a timely fashion, at a reasonable price and with free shipping included. Picture quality is excellent and we are very 
lovely case. I bought this after reading all the reviews and recommendataions for ipod cases that I could find. Wanted something simple without any flaps. This works nicely. Installing the 
Great item. This pad is a little noisy, but who cares!! Now I can work for 25 hour at day with my laptop. I recomended this product for a long 
This Cable was a Godsend! Great product and great price!. My iBook died, and I desperately needed a way to get all of my data off of it since I 
It doesnt fit perfectly. The overall of the product is OK, but I have to be constantly fixing the cover to fit the IPOD video 80GB.  
Beyond Words!. I thought long and hard about buying this card, something about 149 for a sound card seems crazy to me. As I sit here listening to music and 
Awesome headphones!. I really love these headphones. I have an IPOD and the I don t like them as they keep coming off. These headphones stay put! I plant to 
Great. This is ideal for the ipod mini. I have been using it for a year. Its amazing for the gym  
GREAT CD WALKMAN. NEVER HAVING HAD ONE OF THESE BEFORE, I DIDN T KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT. VERY NICE PRODUCT, ALTHOUGH ITS CLAIM THAT ONE BATTERY LASTS 40 HOURS SEEMS 
Great All-in-One. I ve tried a variety of FM transmitters and am dissapointed in the variable sound quality--lots of static, fluctuating volume, and interrupted signal. The Logic3 Travel Kit is 
Terrific product. Sandisk, leader in this kind of technology products sure do not come short with this one. It works excellent on my phone Samsung t609.I would have bought a 
I love the RDS. This little FM transmitter works great for me. I love the RDS feature that puts the band and song name on my car stereo. I am 
turntable was a good purchase. The TV Turntable is just what was advertised. Nice item. Very functionable and has a classic finish  
Brief Review. We got this as a bedroom tv so we could watch DVDs together after the kids go to sleep, and it s fantastic! There was essentially no setup, 
Video Security Camera. This particular Cam has some issues but as long as you understand how to configure it, it will blow you away. I ve heard people complain about 
Functional Addition. The stand which includes a cover for the Edirol R09 provides a useful protection jacket as well as the ability to set the device on a shelf, table, 
Good Batteries. I use them for wireless devices and digital cameras, with the Sony charger they are excellent. Much better than the rechargable Canon batterie  
Good Receiver At This Price Point. I picked up this receiver for 200 plus 40 shipping.At that price it s hard to go wrong unless the receiver just doesn t 
Good Home Printer Entry Level Photo Printer. Print quality is very good even at draft quality settings. At high quality, the print is perfect for resumes. Print speed is execellent 
Works as well as I hoped. I used the microphone to do a talking head style video. The microphone provided dramatically better audio than the built-in microphone on my Sony 
Can t beat this Deal!!!. There is no LCD TV you will find at a lower price. I did many, many searches. It s more than a couple hundred dollars 
The best DVD recorder is. I am so happy with the Sony DVD Recorder RDRGX315. Originally I had purchased the Sony RDRGX330 and was not satisfied because I could not 
It reads em all. This is a nice product,i buught it beacause i needed to play DVDs from foreign country and my fancy sony dvd vcr player can t read 
Too pricy for small earphones. You can get the same sound quality or better sound out of large headphones. But if you are willing to pay the price for samll, 
Not just for gaming. I bought this keyboard originally for the LCD screen and the wide range of possibilities that exist with programming it for various games I play. I 
Big Improvment From Previous Models.... I have owned the DRX710UL model & know people who own the 720 for about a year now and are not completely satisfied with Sony 
Works great, eats batteries. I really like the boombox, but it EATS batteries. Runs on 6 D s and they last about 3-4 hours if you have a solid signal, 
Quality Product. The cases are functional and sturdy but the bonus labelmaker software sucks. It is antiquated and useless. The first thing I do is pull the software disc out 
An Artist in the making. My daughter has had a blast with this keyboard. Easy enough for the beginner to get started, enough features to keep them interested  
Great Scanner. I couldn t be more pleased with this scanner for the price. It is quick, makes high quality scans an the preset buttons on the scanner are easy 
Advent AW820 Wireless Speakers. These speakers have good sound quality, excellent battery life and are easy to install.  
Good solution for the money. Burning stacks of discs and need storage? These big black binder will do the job at a good price. The pages are big and floppy. 
Belkin F8Z105-BLK Sports Armband for iPod Nanos Black Excellent. This is a great device for sport fans. No Hassle Hands free carrying of your iPOD. Comes with accessories for small 
Excellent purchase ... The initial flash card that came with my camera was far too short to save pictures. When I went surfing for another flash card with some depth, 
Good Investment. The only thing I could say is that I needed, my computer has a good video chip from ATI but the problem was the memory it uses for 
Excellent. What can i say ? When it comes to any type of MEDIA magnetic optical, TDK is the best. I still have some of their audio tapes that are 
Fashion finds the keyboard... This fashionable keyboard does spruce up any workstation or gaming environment compared to the typical ho-hum keyboard. The LCD screen is a nice feature toy but 
T-amp review. This is one of the best sounding little amplifiers I ve ever heard for under 2000 and this one is only 30 bucks! It s a keeper for 
Most Excellent Bookshelf speakers. I am a stereophile. These are excellent speakers. For the price, they cannot be beat  
Games work on Color, Greyscale, etc. The thing I really like about this card is I bought it for my m505 and then I went to an i705 and all 
Haven t burned a coaster yet. I have used these DVD-Rs for over two years now and they work absolutely great. I have burned movies, games, files, everything. Haven t 
Memorex DVD R. The product I received was exactly what I thought I was getting. I paid much less for the DVD s then I would have if I had 
great product. i use this on my lap top and televisions. clean your screens once a week with this product to keep them looking great. it does make quite a 
iPod 60. Nothing but praise for th iPod 60 GB It seems like all of the problems of the past generations have been resolved. It makes a perfect gym companio 
Works great. No problems. The adapter works great. The only problem, like LKR wrote, is that your phone needs to be plugged in to your USB port. This also means 
Is one good item. I like to a lot this product, and I work very well and also has a low price, to obtain this is a good offer for 
Outstanding picture quality - even on a wall. I love watching movies and this is an awesome projector with an outstanding image quality. Obviously, like everything else in life it 
Good quality - low price , but it s missing items. Good news. 1. Low initial price. 2. Good quality printing.Bad news. 1. One foot long power cord. 2. Very 
Excellent card. This card is lightning fast. I am using it with my Canon SD700 and works great. Only drawback is that it is slightly expensive, but quality never comes 
Excellent for a 73 year old aunt. I bought this for an aunt who is hard of hearing and not tech savvy. It took her a few days to figure 
Great surround speakers. I am using these as my rear and rear surround speakers on a 7.1 stereo and think they sound great. Deep, rich sound not tinny at all 
works great!. This handy little device mounts well on a various size handlebars and uses a quick release system so removing your forerunner and sicking it your pocket takes only 
Totally Amazing!!!. I managed to get a PS3 and knew I needed a new HD projector to properly represent the Blu-ray movies and next-gen games. After searching for months over 
Not bad. Pros:1. Most of the people and sites I consulted liked the Kensington microsaver.2. Sturdy lock and case, aesthetically pleasing.3. With the rebate, best deal with Amazon. Next best 
ADS Tech Video. This little unit is easy to use and ready to go!!!! Not one problem with it so far, I ve been using it for over two months 
Primarily a desk phone. This telephone has attractive programmable features for those so inclined, and performs well, provided it s located fairly close to an electric outlet. If used in 
Great Radio-Great Price-Outstanding Gift !. My daughter gave me a 50 dollar gift slip for Eddie Bauers this past Christmas. During the Holidays I went to the mall with my 
Awesome Cycling Tool. The Edge 305 provides a wealth of knowledge, is easy to install, as well as use. I would love to have given it 5 stars it deserves 
perfect little unit. This MP3 is an outstanding and unique player. At work, I drive and walk around outside and I need to be aware of my surroudings, so no 
Awesome Ipod Cover. PRO: The silicone is a great material. Very durable. I don t have to worry about setting it down to hard or dropping it off the table 
HP Q2612A Black Print Cartridge Review for Amazon. Great cartridge for the money. Found it was the cheapest, compared to other websites. Was surprised of its speedy delivery. Thanks!!  
Works Just Fine. Bought one several years ago for camping trips. Use it in a Dodge Caravan with a laptop and with gameboys. It takes a beating by 2 boys 
awesome. This case makes my macbook look super cool. I get tons of compliments every day  
An easy-to-use, reliable and high performance CD changer. I had owned an earlier version of this Pioneer 6-Disc CD Changer for nearly 15 years, and it had worked flawlessly. When 
Things to consider if you re getting a 2GB card. I purchased the 2GB Elite Pro SD card but found out that my older SimpleTech FlashLink card reader is not 
hand held scanner. I bought this as a gift but the recipient is truly pleased and uses this product every day  
No complaints here!. I use Sonic burner program and these discs have worked perfectly fine. Good quality and quantity, perfectly satisfied with this product  
Great Jewel Cases. The cases are great. The price is great....but you d think they d include labels for the cases..  
the only review you need really. i never did enjoy reading long reviews so i ll get straight to the point. idrops works but like all stratch removers it needs 
Eton E5 review. The Eton E5 is the best small portable for FM reception that I ve ever seen. It s Broadcast band AM is quite good, as well. Shortwave 
jeff electronics junkie . The 161 s are great. Yes don t expect earth shaking bass from them they only have two 2.5 speakers in them but for surround speakers 
Never Type Without One!. My husband says the gel nearly forms around his wrist making mundane typing tasks throughout the workday tolerable and painless. Buy it  
WARNING: these are NOT 4x6 refills!. The product description is unfortunately not sufficiently clear: this paper refill is credit-card size, not the more common 4x6. It requires a special paper 
Working great. Got 6 of them on my company s network and they re doing great. Network speed definitely increased up to 5 times  
Fair value for the money. The price I paid for this spindle of CD-R s was pretty good and have not had a problem yet. The only price that I 
Best DVD DL media there is. Verbatim DVD R DL has worked for me every single burn. 40 burns no coasters. Highly recommended  
Works great!. I have now bought 3. They completely protect my ipods. Worth every penn  
JBL Northridge speakers. Received speakers with no trouble at all. Sound quality is excellent. Installation was quite easy. Would definitely order from WholesaleAV again.  
Excellent quality of drive and software. I am very impressed by Seagate s software and documentation. I bought this to replace an aging 16GB hard drive. The installation software worked 
An economical way to protect your equipment. Can be used behind the refrigerator to protect it against surges that can damage the compressor relay. Although the actual effectiveness is still 
Works Fine. The cable was purchased to connect a computer to a standard definition TV. I haven t done an exhaustive comparison with other cables, but it s clearly higher 
Good all around TV, couple negatives. The pros:1. Good looking TV aesthetically 2. Easy setup and use3. Many options for connectionsThe cons:1. TV makes a clicking noise when first turned 
Epson Matte Paper S041257. Excellent paper for my printing black white pictures and also color pictures. I get good quality prints and I am well satisfied with this product. The 
Super Reciever for the price. Plenty of power for a meduim 30 x20 living room. Sounds great. Runs a little warm but how many don t. No HDMI switching. All 
Better than stock antenna. I use this product on a Garmin GPS60CS. Before hand, I would get okay signal on any given day. And navigating by it in the truck 
great service. I found the service fast and the product great. It was a very good price. Thanks, I will use your service again  
Great for protecting a home system. This is my second APC UPS. I previously had the 500va model. If you need a good UPS for protecting a home system, this 
great long distance connection. this product offers a great connection to your home audio system if you have the upgraded sound blaster live output panel with the digital output. It 
Music Everywhere!. This FM transmitter does just what its advertised to do...and does it well. I connected it to the audio out on my PC and can now listen to 
No remorse. this little thing is real cheap and for the price is very good, i have read a review complaining about that is no battery in the package but 
Over 2 Years, Still Going Strong. I bought this card reader in Feb. 2004 to use with SD cards. Since then I have moved over to CF cards Sandisk Ultra 
worth the money. Upside: good viewing angle, only paid 110 shipped, 2 video inputs, nice colors, and 1 remote can control multiple screensdownside: little hard to read on screen text, 
A Great addition. I thought when I up graded to the plasma things couldn t get any better I was wrong the wireless is the cherry on top I love 
Just what the doctor ordered. Outstanding item. Plenty of room to carry dvds. Enough padding to protect the player, but not too bulky  
Quality Case...a bit small to hold all!. I purchased this case along with the Coby DVD 8500 portable player...the player fits nicely...but after filling the accessory holder with the AC 
2m DVI-D cable. Good Product no problems so far except I had to bend back one side of the connector that plugs into the video card because it wouldn t 
Love those Knobs!. Nice sturdy cable that works like a dream. I am using the connection on a PS3 to LCD 1080p monitor and I could not ask for a 
Great, clear picture. I recommend this TV--a good sharp picture from any angle, The viewing area seems larger than 26 inches we were constrained by our TV cabinet . We 
Very fast and convenient. I use the Ultra II SD Plus with my Nikon D40. The camera never has to wait for the card even in multishot mode. The card 
Pretty useful product. You will appreciate this product only if you don t have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, 
Perfect packpack!. I have had this backpack for over a year now and it is still going strong! I actually use it more for taking clothes for weekend trips. It 
Sony Cassette Plyer mlti-voltage. Nice player at a fair and reasonable price. I reommend this unit  
It s a remote control.. It s just a remote control. It does what s supposed to do.The range is good enough as well.I m happy with it  
Small and Trendy. I have been using Zen V Plus for the past one month and have to say that I am more than satisfied by the performance of this 
Best for the money!. Received batteries quickly and impressed with the longevity of them  
Absolutely Amazing. This product is amazing. It has changed how I watch tv. Extremely easy to set up and start right away. Amazingly easy to set up recordings. This has 
Great Product. These headphones are great! The bass response is pretty good but the sound is just really rich. Makes music listening very warm  
Solid earbuds. I had a pair of earbuds that came with my Creative mp3 player last September that I really liked, but for whatever reason the cord length was different 
The best headphones I have ever used. These headphones are unbelievable. So much so that I found myself resampling all of my music at higher fidelity. With my previous headphones, 
Great machine, but a little noisy. Speed and quality on scanning, printing, and copying is great, but it is a bit noisy when scanning. Printed a 4x6 from a 5x7, 
Panasonic CQ-VD6503U- Awesome. If your in the market for an in-dash LCD Monitor with DVD CD player, this is it. Great picture, great value, awesome blue-tooth, touch screen display works 
Belkin F8Z082-BLK TuneTalk Stereo for Nano iPod. I would highly recommend this recorder. It works really well for recording lectures in a large lecture hall. At first I had a 
Excellent performance and price. I was searching for a DSL router to replace my 10 years old router. Tried a Linksys and the setup didn t cannot find the router 
LOVE this bag!. I bought this to carry my 13 macbook, as well as my law school books. Everything fits great, including the power supply and an external mouse. The 
So Glad I purchased this TV. I bought this for my husband s birthday present and it arrived 4 days before and he was so pleased with it....we are still 
great ipod for exercise. I would give this 5 stars but for a few things:- the included earbuds are uncomfortable and fall out of my ears duringexercise- syncing is sometimes 
Great for Middle School. This is a rather basic calculator that is great for middle schoolers in pre-algebra and algebra courses for parts of the year. This works well for 
Great. I love this product. It was very easy to assemble and it great for cds in cases or slips  
excellent product., bad description. i was in need of a hdmi switcher so i could only run one cable to my projector. i am very pleased with it. does exactly 
Great. Comfortable ear clip headphones. The in line volume control is a really nice featur  
Good grip, but hey...! just for big cameras only... I bought htis accessory because I do not fancy pretty much the neckstrap. I hate to feel my neck aching after 
PNY Geforce FX5200 256MB PCI Graphics Card. Since my current Business computer only has PCI, this appears the best dual monitor graphics card on the market. It was very easy 
Got what I paid for and a little more. Bought over 2 months ago, I ve yet to get tired of this little piece of ingenuity. I was looking for 
Good buy for the money.... I bought this TV about a month ago. Its really a very nice HDTV for the small price. No problems whatsoever till now.I play my 
sony headphones. I bought these headphones for my husband s laptop, and they work great. The sound quality is perfect. He listens to things very loud, yet I could barely 
Netgear WGX102 54 Mbps Wall-Plugged Wireless Range Extender. Surprisingly works fairly well. Easy to install and integrate with my existing wireless infrastructure. Only complaint is I have to reset the 
Works just like I wanted. I put this in my Dell inspiron and it instantly recognized it. I went throught the whole should I order the memory from Dell thing. 
good, but could be better. I bought this radio becaue my farorite station does not have good reception. This radio certainly provides better reception, but the station seems to fade 
Great Printer. I just received my printer tonight and could not wait to try it out. I have had a Sony digital camera for over two years, and have only 
works great, worth the money. I have had my Macbook for less than a week now, and this keyboard protector was one of the first things I bought for it 
A fine player...... I purchased this player about two weeks ago. It delivers an incredible picture. I watched the Last Samurai on blu ray and wow!!! If you can afford 
Excellent. Great stuff here. Works like a champ, no problems. And the Transflash MicroSD card easily slides in and out using a sprint loaded slot. So just push it in 
Works Great!!. Not much to say about the item other than it works as expected without any issues whatsoever  
I love my Cowon. Just got motivated to rave about this because I saw today in the Consumer Reports buying guide that the Cowon PMP got top recommendation.I returned a 
hey! it works! and well!. hey! it works! and well! Highly recommend and FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS  
Great sound from a small system. No matter how convenient it is to have a portable music player, there are times when you want to be able to listen to 
Works Fine. Similar to the other reviewer, I got this to connect my computer to a TV a little over 10 feet away. It works great, no problems what so 
Belkin makes great products at a great price... This is an excellent and very affordable surge protector. The components including the switch are well made. I trust this product to 
Another great iPod case from Contour Design. This model fits fifth generation 60 or 80 GB iPods and is similar to the Contour Design Showcase that I bought for my 
Inexpensive and it works. My setup has the wireless router on the ground floor and two machines upstairs. One machine directly above the router worked fine but another that was 
Great Headset. I loved it. Took me a while to find what I wanted and this is exactly what I was looking for. I wanted a light weight head set 
emergency phone. I bought this phone for emergencies when the electricity is off and all my wireless phones will not function. This is a direct to phone line hook-up and 
If you need distance between devices, this is it!. With this cable, I am able to connect any device with another far away, so you do not have to disconnect 
BIC America DV62SI Speaker Review. These speakers rate 5 stars! Very clear midrange and treble. Tight relatively deep bass. These speakers have very good imaging and sound dynamic . Efficient 
Great TV. I own a Sony LCD, a Sony DLP, and this Panasonic has the best picture. And the price....man. You can t beat it. I paid 2,700 for my 
Elegant and sturdy. This stand is really elegant and beautiful. It is also pretty solid. It probably took about half an hour to put together and the instructions are very 
Works great. Great cable, just make sure to push it all of the way into the GPS device, or it won t download to the computer  
review of satellite roof antenna. It works great but I had to modify the connection to fit my model eventhough the description said it was for that model  
Not so bad. I want to start off by saying that Sennheiser is a great brand! I have their earbuds and they are fantastic. I got these headphones for my 
Ultimate Custom Case. I m very pleased with this purchase! Coming standard with a 200mm and 120mm exhaust fan, and two 120mm intake fans not to mention the fans on 
Leadsinger Karaoke Song Cartridge. J&R Music and Computer World did a great job of sending my order to me fast and I would do business with them again, because they 
pretty rugged and reliable. I really like this flash drive because I usually take it to everywhere in my key chain along with my set of keys where there is 
Great llow cost UPS. I bought 5 of these for the computers in the house. I would have got better ones but the house has an auto generator so all 
Uniden PRO510XL CB Radio - Jeep. I bought the Uniden to replace a practically brand new Cobra 19 that has never worked correctly. I first tried buying another new Cobra 
This is a good. I have a couple of Dell flat panel monitors at work, and I am running DVI on one and VGA on the other yuck . I 
Worth it for the cost. The relatively inexpensive, well-designed Logitech Nascar wheel and pedals are ANALOG, a MUST for racing games like Need for Speed. Analog potentiometers slide along infinite 
Excellent Case. Very Good Product. Good shipping as well. If you are thinking on buying an Ipod Case, this is the one. Strong, light, excellent!  
Huge storage and good r w speed. I have an EOS Digital Rebel and was looking for a memory upgrade, at first I thought to buy a 1Gb Sandisk memory, 
Awesome little drive for the price. The way it retracts and such is really cool. The only downside I can think of is the little puny thread-like string that holds 
Great Enclosure. I like this enclosure a lot. It looks nice and it works well. The newer ones have on off switches which is great. The older ones without on 
The MENU button doesn t work. I have the 60 Gb Video Ipod and the MENU button doesn t work, also you must have the Ipod Dock to use it 
CaseLogic 48 CD Wallet - CDE48. I like this wallet, and it s semi-hard case. Although I just bought it, I believe this will have great shelf life and will 
Visor Deluxe. Unit works about as expected, with possible exception of a few areas of the screen that are not too sensitive to the touches from the stylus. So far 
Very good but not perfect. The case is much quieter than my previous Antec case, the SX635, and it s good to finally have front accessible audio, USB and Firewire 
Logitech Attack 3 Joystick purchase from TigerDirect. This device is just what I needed! It is a high-quality USB product and very responsive. I simply plugged it into the 2.0 
Good Value. for the money, I got a good quality product. My purchase experience was good, and product was received in a timely manner  
Perfect for small hands and laptops!. I enjoy this mouse. Usually, I don t like using the touch pad on laptops but after deciding to buy a mouse, I had 
Works great with Cannon Powershot A70. I had a 512 simpletech card, and loved it. I got this 1gb card a week ago and it has worked great. The 512 
Great Laser Pointer For This Price Range. This laser pointer is extremely easy to use, and the forward backward advancing buttons and darken screen feature are really nice. The point 
Ultimate. Fastest CPU on the market today 03-26-07 . My processor is no longer the bottleneck in my system. One small tweak and I had all four cores running at 
WOrk great with older Sony XBR. I was looking for headphones to replace those that came with my older Sony XBR TV. The TV has a built in IR transmitter 
This is a must buy. I use a Canon i9900 printer. I get Superb quality prints that no other paper can match. The gloss shine is amazing! Don t settle 
iRiver iFP 799T 1 GB Flash MP3 Player. This player is great all around. Small compact size with sport arm band included makes work-outs a whiz! The only draw back 
Edirol R-09 gives good value for your dollar. I bought this to use on video shoots as a backup when recording audio directly to camera and or my mobile Protools 
Good for lectures. Excellent unit for large lecture halls with 100 people. It works great with my Mac and I ve downloaded the audio files with no problem. It does 
Great tool to use in a classroom. Once the batteries were replaced, the product allowed me to show powerpoints in the classroom without having to be next to the computer. 
Pod Boomer in a Box. Saw it in a store for 149.95. Pleased to see it at Amazon for 89.95 reburb . Arrived looking brand new, not a mark on 
Great LCD TV. This if my first flat screen TV but after much research I determimed this one had the most bang for the buck. So far so good, I 
Best gadget I own. My mother-in-law had one of these that she uses to clean her sewing machine.I rebuild computers and thought how handy this would be and how much 
Very nice 5.1 receiver at a good price. Rock solid Onkyo receiver. You can see and feel the quality in this unit. Very clean sound. Lots of input options, including 
Incredibly Useful. This recording device for the iPod works so well. I use it to record all my voice lessons and rehersals. Instantly, on the ride home I can review 
Works Great, Poor Inaccurate Documentation. Note to Brian: The WAP54G can be configured as a bridge. I have two of them in just such a configuration. Took me about 10 
Great Battery Buy. Just bought the 12 pack of AAs - in all my remotes and working great. It was the best deal on batteries I could find anywhere. Next 
GOOD BUT MISLEADIING NAME. One wonders how a F2F can be a sex change adapter. This is not a male to female plug  
Hands down, the best screen cleaner you ll find!. I ve used a lot of different screen cleaners. Most are mediocre at best. The Monster product is superior to any 
2 gig Mini Sd. the Mini SD card was sent to me pretty fast and i was happy with the purchase. I would buy something from this seller again for 
Very Good Value for Money. This charger is really good value for money. This charger shows each battery s status individually and charges them quickly. i did not monitor the 
Great Sound. These speakers are fantastic for there size and price. You will lose the music war with your neighbor across the street with his 300 watt stereo per channel 
Outstanding speaker cables at any price. I challenge anyone to find a better built pair of speaker cables at 5 times the price.These cables add all the refinement one could 
Perfect!!!. You can never ask for more from this product. 2700maH. That s huge. Runs my discman for weeks I roughly listen 1 hr everyday .The digital display is very 
A Brilliant Device. For those who dont what it is the Nintendo E Reader is an add on that goes into the cartridge slot of GBA and SP unsure about 
Simply Fabulous. I traveled to India on business, where just plugging something in was quite the adventure, so when I pulled this little gizmo out of my suitcase where it 
Seamless music transfer from Mac. With triplets, everything comes in threes. My teens got Sony Erricson w300i phones for Christmas, I use this card to drag and drop their music 
Excellent MP3. I originally bought a Cowan iAUDIO X5 30GB MP3 from Amazon. I wanted to return it, only so I can buy the larger GB60 unit, which I did 
Good Sound and Comfort From Earhugger s Wrap Arounds. For the past two weeks or so I ve been testing out the Philips SHS3200 clip earbuds. The verdict was: return. 
GE SANYO NiMH Rechargeable Batteries. These are very good batteries. I charged those in my La Crosse BC-900 Charger. The following were the results after first charge.The four AAAs rated 
Accessable USB 2 Ports. For my older PC this made it easy to access a USB 2 port without crawling around to the back of the computer. It does require 
Excellent Mini System!!!!. I ve had it for about 2 months already, and it has worked without any flaws. The only thing you have to be aware is to use 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
WOW GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. this is a reat product right out of the box. the software is hard to get used to but it works great. this is a great product recommend 
wonderful. a great mouse! perfect size, nice features. Simply plug it in and it starts working! Seems to be well made. To install the battery you have to push in 
ipod charger. Pretty good when comparing to the apple price . Does what it s suppossed to do and works. Can t complain  
A great picture, with only minor drawbacks. I have been putting this television through its paces since I got it a few weeks ago, and it is by far the 
Good and Slick Case. This is a great case. I have had no problems with it, and works very well. It s also very sexy if you want to put 
Great product. I recently purchased this item and am definitely satisfied with it, except for the fact it will not work correctly for City Life. It puts the screen resolution 
Does exactly what it is supposed to do. I had an old TV and I had a new DVD player. Conundrum solved with this little device. Does exactly what it 
Works like a champ. I have had no problems with the Secure Digitial Card from Kingston. It has performed properly for my camera and computer for transferring the pictures. Highly 
It could be better. First I d like to let anyone reading this know that I m a trucker, so I use this thing all day, everyday.First: it thought it 
HP Deskjet 2360 Printer --A Little Workhorse. Overall, I m very pleased with this printer. It was inexpensive and it is extremely reliable. I bought it to use for making 
I m pretty happy for the price paid. The Stylus 580 prints pretty well so far and seems to be what I expected for ink use. I really don t 
An absolutely perfect Analog to Digital Video Converter. There is not that much to say about this Canopus converter, except that it works so well, accepting equally all standards most 
Perfect for little hands and very good optical tracking. I bought this product specifically for my 5 1 2 year old grandson as it is too tough for him to 
Ink for Lex Mark Ink jet printers. I ve owned my Lex Mark all in one printer X75 for some time now &amp; the Ink cartridges I get from Target 
Simple and cost effective. Macally s charger is a simple solution for charging your iPod while in the car or on airplanes equipped with a PowerPort . You will need 
Amazing Technology. The Wacom Pen should be one of the wonders of the world. After all, haven t you wondered how a battery-free pen can write onto a tablet, and 
Enjoy CD s. I have wanted one of these for a long time, The Coby is simple and cheap but it does the job well. A reasonably good choice  
XM radio to go!. The Belkin XM Mobility Kit for the Xpress and Roady is recommended to anyone who wants XM radio on the go. The only reason I did 
All I can say is - WOW!. I have been looking for over a year for a Plasma HDTV. I had pretty much settled on the Panny because it seemed 
Our MFC-8440 has withstood some stress:. My company bought this machine in the hopes that we could take our archived paper documents and convert them into usable digital files.18,000 scanned 
Pretty design, and will grow with kids. I bought this as a gift for my two year olds who ask for music whenever they are going down for naps or 
The best out there. To the best of my knowledge, the Verbatim DVD-Rs are the best on the market. I have used well over 100 so far and have had 
Great gift. My son received this guitar as a gift and he thinks the world of it. He is always playing it and he thinks that it is the best 
Great Network storage and backup. I ve been using this NAS for a month and it s great! The box is quite speedy with a Maxtor ATA 133 drive with 
Terk. Received on time.The best antenna I have ever used for Hi-FI use.The model I received need to buy a tranfo in order to accomodate the 22OV supply used in 
If you liked the previous version you ll like this one. Same exact feel and button placements as the previous model.Yes the scroll wheel clicks a bit louder than the 
BADASS FOR THE CASH. This this pounds plenty. Dont spend 500 on other subs when this is perfect for less than 200. I really cant imagine a subwoofer getting much 
Not quite the Holy Grail, but close enough. Since the early 1980s, I ve been bugged by end-of-side distortion and so far, only Denon s excellent but discontinued DL-304 MC 
Memorex CD DVD labels. Labels work great. Just stick together sometimes when going through the printer. Use these all the time on DVD s with no problem on playback.  
Fairly good yoke! I like it!. I got this yoke to use with Microsoft Flight Simulator. Other people have said that the build quality is poor on this yoke, but 
Seems to work like it should!. Well, it s just a battery... but I put it in the device and it works! Seems cheap and with Amazon Prime, shipping was 
Optical connectors. The connectors work...the delivery was on time and the product well packed in a box  
It s all in the paper now. You need to couple this [PhotoPro Paper] with the wide-format Canon i9100 printer. This borderless printer easily handles the 13x19 Photo Pro Paper 
works but slow. It does what its supposed to do, but its kind of slow. I bought it for my LG Fusion phone. I am not sure if it is 
Not bad. Not knowing about the U3 software that comes on this memory stick I was appalled to have it install on my Dell Inspiron laptop without asking. That said, 
Brother labeling tapes. It was good to find these labeling tapes at Amazon...at a good price. They can be expensive in office supply stores. Tape was in the original packaging 
Excellent, meets all expectations. Features work as promised. Speakerphone in handsets especially helpfulfor spouse who has hearing problem. Meets the criteria we set out beforebuying  
Great Tv !!!!. This tv rocks!The best picture and sound.Dvd s look wonderful on it.Digital cable does too.I love the fact that when the tv is off the little Olevia 
works well, easy to use. I purchased this for my teenager to use with her IPod Nano. I shopped around for a while before I finally decided on this one 
Excellent Memory Card. I ve been using this card on a daily basis for the past week-and-a-half, having shot nearly 500 photographs in England and Portugal, and it has performed 
Connector Needed. This product works great. I am splitting a video signal to a projector and a LCD screen. The video quality is better than I was getting when just 
Speed is an issue. I love the memory size of the card but however when you want to shoot withing a very shot time frame, the card is slow. An 
Good, but you need the black to make it better. I recently got a Lexmark Z23 printer when I bought my new iMac. The printer works very well. However, you 
EXCELLENT. La recomiendo ampliamente, mueve los poligonos a velocidad vertiginosa y ademas es Barata, facil de instalar lo hice en menos de un minuto , perfecta desde VENEZUEL  
Sony Mini Shelf System. We were very pleased with the system. It arrived on time it was a present and we found it easy to use and good value for 
By far the best in class, but not perfect. Cowon D2 is as close to the ideal portal video device as available today and this fact is unlikely to change 
This Little Gadget is great!!!. We bought this so that we could hook up our DVD Player to our television that had no place to hook it up. Not only 
Pleased. After some intial set-up problems with defining my cable provider, all went as planned. I am still working out the details of using my digital cable box vs. cable 
Easy to use. I thought the lack of the querty keyboard would slow me down. It didn t. This is an excellent labeler for only 20. I figured out how 
Nice Photo Album. This product was very easy to use. I used it to make a wedding album for our daughter and they were very exicted about it. The only 
Greatness. First time to get into the digital age . When investigating about what to purchase I was advised to be sure to memory stick that was fast . This 
1st time buyer - best purchase I have made this year. We are very excited about this projector. right off the box ! anyone looking into hd tv s should 
Very Good Quality. After 2 weeks, the pciture still blows me away - excellent contrast, very good highlights, good black level, even color saturation with enough variance in control to 
BOOM!!! HEADSHOT!. Alright, I got this mouse to replace the shoddy touchpad on my laptop. This thing is certainly worlds better than any touch pad, lol.What made this mouse appeal 
SanDisk Sansa c140. Had this item for a month. It hasn t been used very much yet but so far all functions work well and the player is compact and 
large and easy to use. I keep the original Control unit on top of the Wave Radio and this large version next to my bed.Very handy and I like the 
Architectural Office Use. This will be very short, however I felt compelled to write something just because of how happy I am with this printer. We have an HP also 
Fun and interesting toy for an amateur like me. I bought my first scanner from a local Church sale about two years ago. It was a crystal based Regency brand, 
DONT THINK TWICE BUY IT. YEAH! I did my research and read tons of reviews and for the price--- it is soooo worth it. Clear sound for such tiny speakers- 
Great pad, great wrist rest. On the mousepad side of things, this double-sided mat is high quality all the way around. It has aluminum surfaces attached to each side of 
Overall-Worth the hassle. Initial setup could be complex for some, but considering all it is capable of i d say it s worth the time investment.  
Best at any price. Both my wife and I purchased this item because it had a great price and a good Consumer Reports rating, but after watching this television monitor 
Mini Power Strip. This item is perfect for the road warrior that always needs more outlets in a hotel room to plug in all the ac toys  
V-Moda Is a Fine Earphone for A Good Price. Not an audiophile but did enough research to settle on the V-Modas. Was a little hesitant because of all the talk 
Works great for me!. After going through the reviews, I bought this CF card for my Canon Digital Rebel. So far it has worked fine, though I don t pretend 
A lot for the money. A lot of TV for little money. Great picture, and the refresh rate is fast enough to prevent most of the blurring that you tend 
Great Headphone Speaker extension cable!. I had previously owned a different brand of headphone speaker extension cable for my computer speaker system and it worked well for about 6 months. 
Great Scanner. I found this scanner easy to use. I was capturing police calls in my area within 15 minutes of turning it on. The service search feature is super 
good value. I decided to use the digital coax input on my receiver for my HDTV cable box, as the optical inputs were already spoken for by 2 DVD players. 
Beyond useful and incredibly easy. After reading many reviews on this and other sites, I was prepared to spend hours setting up the remote to work with our varied devices. 
A good Cordless phone. This vendor gave excellent service, the product is a very competitive buy, and is exactly as described. This phone works as expected  
Great Product, Great Color. Just got my new ISKIN and I love it. Such a cool bright color and the skin is very functional and provides excellent protection. I previously 
Antenna Stand. Stand works great along with the Linksys high gain antenna,lenght of cable to computer only 6 feet and I needed more, Linksys couldn t help with this problem, 
Already included if you buy TI Voyage 200. The adapter works great. But you do NOT need to buy it separately as an add-on to the TI Voyage 200 calculator 
Does exactly what is says it does!. I am delighted with the Universal Power Supply that I bought from Amazon.com. It arrived when Amazon said it would and it works 
Works silently....works great!. This product is everything it is advertised to be: it s lightweight and it runs silently as the dual fans cool my laptop like a charm. I 
Works great. I am using the CF card in a mictrotek digital recorder. Works just great  
Visor Deluxe Blue. The best at this price. Like the color and functions. Mine has latest longer than some comparable higher end models. Life saver when trying to keep a 
Worh the price. I bought the excact same cables from BEst Buy for more than twice thecost..I returned the cables after some research and found Digital Fixsold them for 50. 
A lot of Cd s. A lot of space -- My computer is over 5yrs old so I use these CD s as a great back up for storing all 
Cheap and reliable; plus, you need to know... Hi. I find this product to be very good, but also could find features that need improvement.First of all, I bought this 
Not the ideal alarm clock. I love the radio. It sounds great and the features are all practical and easy to use. I bought the radio primarily for the bedroom 
Works for me. These tapes work well - have had no problems whatsoever. In the absence of TiVo and DVD Recorders, blank VHS tapes like this one does the job 
Does its Job. This phone installed easily, has good sound, caller ID is visible. hooks securely. That s about all we wanted  
great... great product - large surface area - unlike other reviews no issues at all with laser mouse - wireless mouse will work fine if you position receiver correctl  
works well for me. I have been using it with yahoo messenger and skype for voice chat and calling phones.Initially i had problems , it would not record my volume 
great quality for the price. Of all the DVD disks I ve used this summer, Memorex came second to Sony, but at half the price. I use Memorex now because 
Affordable and reliable. I purchased this USB light fan combo mainly for the fan. I m one of those guys who is a human heater -- always a little warmer 
Good Emergency Backup TV. I bought this TV in July of 2003 after a massive storm knocked out power to over 75 of the Memphis area. I finally got to 
Outstanding Casio quality for an excellent price. I have been using Casio electronics for over a decade now -- starting with first data bank and touch screen watches. The brand 
Does what it says. I like it. It moves the air out the back pretty fast. Keeps my legs from melting with my HP shooting all the air down. Now 
Fun, fun, fun!. My daughters use this keyboard to practice their piano lessons since we have nowhere to put a piano. You can play more than one note at a 
Dad loves it. This is a gift from three daughters to their 94 year old dad who loves the sound. We loved the look and the cost.  
Very Handy. If you realize that this is pretty much a simple text labeler, you ll be pretty happy with this unit. I ve used it for quick black-only labeling 
Great TV but... This TV gives a beautiful picture. But, as some other reviewers have mentioned, there s this little problem with the creaking or clicking or ticking noise, whatever 
Etymotic research High Fidelity Earplugs. Great for concerts. This is the second time we have ordered them  
Excellent Cable. Recently moved some things around in my home office...including my PC which meant my 6 monitor cable that came with it was too short...rather than use an extension 
More about fake cards. I recently received this card from one of the vendors that works through Amazon. It did NOT have the notch at the bottom as another reviewer 
Very happy with it!. When my old mouse went out on me earlier this week I found myself quickly having to scan online reviews and find a replacement. My first 
MacPro 17 deal. Exceptional backpack design and comfort.Laptop slides in snug and secure.Enough pockets to hold majority of video travel items.Received exceptional bargain by receiving added discount when applying for 
Pretty Good!. I just received my sketch pad - mainly for the use of playing Isketch isketch.net - but I tried it out in my PSP program, and it works 
It s working, but not as good as I expected. It really helps to cut back the loud tunes, but I still keep using my remote volume control from time 
Right Choice. This board is excelent. All devices work like a charm and it s good looking too, for those of you who mod cases and all that.I upgraded from 
balllin. most excellent. i used to use the blue sony headphones but they had hard hooks and made your ears hurt after awhile. these are so comfortable it s like 
No comparison. This radio, which stems from the original Bose Wave radio is an outsanding product. The quality of sound is incredible and stands in a category of its own. 
great product. I bought this as a gift and the person loved it. Great deal for the money  
Great Speakerphones. I wish that the base unit and the other units had the same buttons. They are different and that means you have to learn to use two different 
On my third mouse of this model. Truth is, I m cheapskate. And this particular model happens to be the cheapest they stock at my local Office Depot, so I 
Cheap, compact and fast!. This little hub is just about everything you could want it to be. It s extremely compact, I don t think it s physically possible to 
Good TV for its size. I take a lot of road trips so I decided to get this handheld TV. All I have to say is wow; I was up 
Very nice Hard Drive. Man this baby is smooth...I will never buy another type of external harddrive....quiet...nice size....artsy...I can move it from my Mac to PC and I didn t 
Heavy Construction. Heavy gauge plastic, pull very tight and stay tight. Very nice  
Works well - my second unit. The UPS works well and after a power failure the UPS starts up and the PC is configured to start up and boots up 
Helps a short woman. This foot rest is just the right height it does have 2 heights for me when sitting at my desk. It rocks back and forth to 
Great hub - just a few minor issues. PROSSmallCuteSelf-powered - comes with a power adaptor. I have 6 devices hooked up to it, including 2 USB Hard Drives, and it 
just get it. If you need a replacement cable for your monitor don t just buy the same cheap-o type that came with it. If you have a high quality 
3x1 Optical Audio Toslink. This item is easy to install and use. It saved me the headache of crawling behind my entertainment center every time I needed to change audio 
well worth the money. This really is a great little mp3 player. I had one of these for when I worked outside and I loved it. The sound quality was 
Software not very usable. The hard drive has been working great for me. I the included software has not been very useful. I wanted to mirror my MacBook hard drive 
Excellent fit for my PDA phone. Bought this memory card for my HTC Hermes 8525 phone. It is very easy to install and fit perfectly for my need to install 
GREAT BUY one even 2 u will be glad. I odered this on sunday it came in on tuesdayi put it in works freat my system is really cool and 
I like it. I have been using this screen protector for my tungsten t5 for over a year and a half. It works well for my needs. I did have 
Bad Service of Refund 30 refund on first purchase on amazon card. Initially they said , when i used the card for first purchase -rockport shoes, that the vendor should 
Excellent Value. Great deal vs. buying the items separately. Same quality but at a discounted price. Knocked my cost per print in half  
Very good projector. I have had this projector for about 6 weeks now. I have it projected onto an Elite matte white screen in a darkened basement. Image is bright 
Good Service - Good Product. Delivery was very prompt even without express shipping. I ve really enjoyed using my remote. It works as advertised and has totally changed the way 
Great Phone. I am very happy with this phone - the range is perfect for my needs, reaching to every part of my house and even down the driveway to 
You get what you pay for. Great sound for the money. I know you can get better speakers but not for 200.00. I got these at Circuit City and am 
Why not five 5 stars?. The item meets all my needs wants but one, WORKMENSHIP. When I opened the box containing the player I noticed two 2 screws were loose 
FYI - Receiver is no longer adjustable to 90 degrees. I received a previous version of this mouse as a promotional gift from Microsoft, and since have not been able 
Garmin iQue M3. Fantastic deal, quickly shipped in an excellent package. Will definitely shop from again  
Logitech is A . Bought this for my husband. He loves it--said it does exactly what he needs it to do. He was concerned after reading some of the reviews, 
Nice Product for Magellan. This product has made my Explorist 210 GPSr MUCH more functional and useful, especially for hiking. However, it isn t that intuitive to use -- given 
This is the second one I ve bought!. I bought the slightly larger one for my 80 gig iPod, and when it was time to choose a case for the 
Amazing!. These earphones are incredible! They are comprised of excellent bass and treble. You experience everything much nicely. These earphones compared to the iPod headphones are excellent unlike those raggety 
I HAVE BEEN WEARING OUT THESE HELPFUL FRIENDS FOR YEARS. WHAT IT IS: AN EXCELLENT DRY VIDEO CLEANER THAT WON T DAMAGE YOUR VCRWhen you use a VCR, some of 
GREY CREATURES = UGLY!!!. First off, let me say how much I love the sound of these incredible speakers. I completely reccomend buying them. However...Please, do not buy the grey 
Versatile, well designed, well made, aesthetically pleasing product. The Neo-flex stand might seem pricey to some, but this is a case of getting what you pay for as it is 
Dependable &amp; Reasonably Priced. Sandeep s review was informative, but for photographers like myself, I m not going to be too concerned about a difference of 6 MB actual 122 
Superb Product but finally had a BIG problem with it..... I used this CF card with my Canon Rebel XT. Write and transfer speeds are fast enough and never keeps 
Good GPS. This is a very neat unit. The color display makes all the difference compared to an earlier version I have used - the Magellan MAP 330. Although it 
Great starter guitar. This guitar is a toy. It is not meant to be perfectly in tune. We found it to be great for a budding 4 yr. old musician 
In Many Ways, Better Than an iPod. This is my second iRiver, and I keep gravitating toward it because it uses one AA battery that can be changed in 2 
Great Picture, Great Price!. I should first note that I am no expert on television sets, and was more than a little confused by all the different technologies out on 
Great LCD TV. I was looking for a TV to place in my Kitchen, before some days of search i decided for it. The sound and image are great. The 
I m quite pleased with it. I had purchased this product back in late 2001. I ve been putting it to continuous day to day use without discovering any major 
Working good... little slower thou. Replaced an old Toshiba that was failing lost connecting every 45 minutes or so . Working good so far. Speed not quite as fast as 
Fantastic !!!!. This Video Card is the best that i `ve got !!!! Fantastic !!  
So you want a good stick?. This is a very good stick. Solidly built and the only things keeping this from a 5 star rating are these problems:1. If you 
Excellent product. Well is a leather Carriying Case , good leather, exact fit to the TX series  
Great bargain. Moniter has worked beautifully for the couple of months I had it. Great for the price.  
Works well. Bought this card along with a Rebel XT as a gift for my girlfriend. It s been performing without a hitch so far, though on burst mode, there 
Great large format printer. I ve had this printer for 6 weeks and it performs great. I used the front loader to print on canvas. Easy to follow directions made 
Netgear FS108, quiet, cool, easy. Please note that they are and apparently have been shipping a later model than that pictured described. The box is marked ProSafe 8 Port Fast 
Expensive, but worth it!. The first thing I noticed about this card was the price!! My-oh-my I prefer to keep my arm and leg thanks. I was also a little 
Crystal clear, but must know about auto-shutoff. If you re thinking about getting these, you need to know that they automatically shutoff after 30-45 seconds if the input signal is 
greatest product I ever bought. Very easy to use. My four year old knows how to use it. He takes it with him on long trips. The rechargeble battery is 
Good carrycase. The hp case is very nice, the only thing I could think of to make it better is to have just a little more space  
Rock Speakers. They fit the landscaping well. However, there were no basic installation directions with them. I did not know how to connect them to a stereo audio component. I 
Its Str8. Cheap Price. Came very fast. Good space to hold some songs and some videos. Came in like 3 days wich was pretty good. Yall should by this if 
Perfect for 46 LCD flat panel TV -- Great product. Easy to mount on the wall. Though this item came with hardware with different sizes, I still had to buy 
good watch. I enjoy wearing it. It helps me to get to appointments on time. I depend on it to help get me through the day  
Just what I ordered. I got these tapes for a great price, in original packaging. A little slow to process, but not unreasonably slow  
Superb voice quality. So often with digital answerers you read reviews about poor voice quality with comments like it sounds like people are talking underwater. Not so with this hi-tech 
Styling Stylus..... The product is just what I needed. Since the iPAQ only comes with one I knew it would not be long before I needed an new one and 
awesome device. actually i bought one from the compouter geek, and i received it in only 3days, amazing. and i just plug the GPS in the my PDA Dell X51 
Overall great mouse. I have been waiting for this mouse to come out for a while--every time I went to the Microsoft Hardware website it wouldn t let you buy 
great cable. I was shopping around for an hdmi cable to connect my ps3 to a panasonic plasma screen, and this cable is really awesome. At first I thought I 
Very happy with this purchase. This has got to be the easiest piece of tech I have ever set up. Except for charging, it took under 5 minutes. It works 
Daryl. So far so good, hard to rate a HDMI cable that you just plug in. I felt it was a good product at a great price. Becareful & measure 
Works great. I have a Macbook OS X compatible and I needed a relatively cheap mouse for whenever I was working at home, or working on the go for an 
Sony MDR-G74SL Headphones. The headphones sound great and wear well. I like them very much. The only problem is that the attached cord is too short. They do provide an 
An outstanding little radio. Great for emergency use, too. This is a well-built little radio. It has the basic features that you want in an emergency.For daily use, insert two 
Cool. This mouse is great. I d previously tried a Logitech MX-610 lefthanded - nothing but problems. Exchanged it for the LX-7 and am very happy with it  
It does everything I need. This 8870DW does everything I need. It scans prints and copies. I seldom use the Fax option but it s nice to have if I 
big & easy to handle. The bulk package of the 2GB SanDisk Secure Digital SD Memory Card was a very good purchase seeing that all i wanted was just the 
Great Product. Cant go wrong with kingston. Excellent product no problems at all...great buy and the price was great also..just clicked it in and it started working right away.  
great. I like this case very much, it s well made, sturdy and the zipper works fine. I especially like the fact that it s rectangular in shape with two 
Great mouse and better price. I was using a Labtec 3 button optical mouse but got fed up with it because the wood grain surface of my desk would sometimes 
Excellent Printer for the Price!. Prints beautiful images and can print on media up to 44 long! I ve printed on vinyl for car magnets, and it works great...just remember 
Kingston 1GB SD Card Review. Great value for your money. Kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product.  
Just as expected!. Product received was just as expected.... Better than those other no name brands. Also great shipping  
Worked perfectly. What can I say. Installed it and Windows XP detected it immediately  
The Only Serial Adapter That Works With Virtual PC. There are two Windows applications that I need to use Garmin GPS software and Accu-Chek Diabetes software and I own a 
Best iPod knock-off . I purchased this unit for my wife on her birthday. She uses it constantly , we go through a lot of AAA batteries but its still 
SanDisk Rules!!! great memory. As usual, SanDisk give us a great memory card, that can be used in all memorystick pro compatible products, like my Sony Cli PEG-NZ90 and my 
Good. I thought this back is just black and normal design.However, My friend said it look good.and this back is strong and capacity is really big.I did not find any 
Very good SD Card. I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the 
Arrived Fast - Great Quality. I was a little worried about purchasing a TV online. However, everything turned out better than I expected. The TV was delivered within a few 
Battery life. These batteries have given me as good service as any batteriesI have bought locally for 3.0  
its liek a gem sony has beaten every thing. well its the best mp3 player out there. its looks like a crystal and has superb sounnding crystal clear sound. besides 
great product. I ve been using this switch for 3 months now with not a single issue. It s very easy to use. Both keyboard controls and manual switching work 
good plugs. Used these with some 12 awg wire. They worked great. Fit tightly into my speakers and my receiver. They feel very solid and screw down nice and tight 
Must have for home stereo use. The price could use being a tad lower, but price aside, the product is excellent.It s stylish in it s looks, which complement the 
Sharpie Touch Up Markers. A really good product. We have cats that like to paw the table when they re stealing a drink from my tea mug. Some of them 
Works Great. Works great and allows us to mount our XM receiver on the windsheild  
Love it. I have had an IBM 4019 laser for 15 years, and when it died I was going to get another 4019. After shopping around, decided to try this 
Always buy HP-brand CD s!!. I have tried at least 5 brands before this. Verbatim was the only one that worked, besides this HP pack. Office Depot, Durabrand, and the 
Great deal. An amazing price for this many batteries. And they power things, just like they should. Seriously though, sans any sarcasm, they are definitely worth it  
Great Speakers For This Price. Bought these two years ago and they are still going strong. We love south of Buffalo, NY so the weather is not always favorable. These 
Magellan 800. This unit is very user friendly; quick to set up and use right out of the box. If you factor in the limitations of all gps units this 
512 mb secure digital ultra II. I used it in Brasil and had it developed. I was very happy with it. It was the very first time I ve used 
Great Little TV. This is a great little TV. Since I live about 25 miles from the local TV stations transmitters, I was worried about reception. However, the reception is 
So Far So Good. Great Design!. I bought this 8 months ago to replace my USB 1.0 hub and because I needed more outlets. I have a Mac G4 Quicksilver 
Simple solution.... I bought a new computer and didn t realize that it did not have a parallel port for my printer. I came across this cable on Amazon, where 
Garmin Street Pilot i2 is Simple and Gets You There. This little guy does the job and does it quite well for such a low price! I tested a much 
Not Windows Vista Ready. I bought this printer a month ago when thinking about a new computer. Before I was ready to do so my old printer ran out of 
You NEED this turntable. I have been looking for many years to replace my 1970 s model turntables with something new, and boy was i happy when i found this! 
Awesome viewing experience. Great picture, thin frame with large viewing area, TONS of hookups and a very competent remote. Great picture adjustments as well. I use this as a second 
A steal at this price. A great buy. TV arrived in good working order. Sharp picture, sounds decent has an EQ menu and price can t be beat. Discontinued at 
Good mount and price. I got this free when I bought an LCD TV from Amazon. Even at 80 it is a good deal. It does the basics and is 
Great for games and movies. This review is based on video games and DVDs, as I rarely watch TV. I have an Xbox 360, Wii and PS2 connected to this 
Perfect for the designer. Whether or not you are a 2D or 3D artist, this tablet makes it all the more enjoyable. I had an Aiptek 12000U which died no 
Excellent Speaker. I used these speakers 4 as part of my 7.1 channel theater and I used the HTI 55 Center channel plus the HTI 8 Ceiling to finish off 
2-Way Radios. Fast Service and great price! Work great for about a mile or so but then I got them for shopping with my wife, she is at one end 
Great wifi detector!. Not much to say about this product, but that it works, and works well. You press the button and it tells you how much signal strength wifi 
Multi CD Player. Putting the CDs in and taking them out is somewhat awkward. Also I ve run into one CD that the multi CD player won t play  
Clear is great - easily marred surface... This case works well, is clear, and is sufficient protection for most iPod scratching and stuff. The case itself is so Not impervious 
Good player, but terrible docs. This is my first MP3 player, so I really am a newbie to all of this. If you want a review about technical aspects and 
More than pleased. Since purchasing this one, I also bought a 2GB Kingston U3 stick. People wonder why I keep getting the U3 technology, well loading it up it self 
Better than Wizcom QuickLink Elite. I m measuring, first and foremost, ease and precision of scanning. Speed of scanning and ease of installation on the computer are, in my mind, 
My first mp3 player. i m an old fart at 37 years old and a little behind in everything except desktop pc s. was very frustrated with this gadget when 
Great product. I have this dock and have been very pleased with it. Also, prior to purchasing the product I contacted the company and they responded very quickly and with 
Four LaCie s later, and all is well. I purchased two LaCie s - 500GB from Amazon a couple of months ago. Both drives came well packed and shipping was 
Good Product. We bought this to backup the iMac G5 that I got my wife for Christmas. I have had an APC since 1996 and have depended on it to 
Believe the hype. Phenomenal audio quality. Believe what people are saying about this amp. Beautiful sound. I was surprised at the volume, given the low Wattage rating of the amp. 
Excellent. This is not the first iPod Protector I bought but this one is for sure the best. Most iPod jackets don t come with anything to protect your screen 
Easy. It was easy to order, easy to purchase, and it easily arrived on time--all three things that one would want from a purchase like this one  
This clock works as described. I have had the clock a week, and I ordered two more like it.I tried a digital wall clock because I couldn t stand the 
timo. Very good purchase.Only the Sony software to send music to player is not good.Because if you put a file .MP3 in pen drive, the music not will be played. 
The Best Receiver I ve Ever Owned. I ve had this receiver for over a month. Hooked up to two Sony MB350 speakers the sound is awsome. It does have 
Unconfortable. The product is well made and nice, but it is difficult to put a 15 notebook in it. It fit so tight that I think it was made for 
Great Price. I bought this turntable to replace the one in my old stereo system. I found it to work as great as the original had from day one. I 
Label of the Century. What can you say about a label with this much personality? Tenacious, stick-to-it attitude. It will occasionally blank out, but that s usually my fault for 
Dose this scanner pick up local police and also Fire Ems. I just purchased this scanner before i thought about looking into see if it did all that as well 
Smooth as Silk. This compact mini was exactly what we needed to use as a server for our photography studio. All computers can pull from it with no noticible slow 
Very happy with Azden. I m a bit surprised at the reviewer who gave only three stars to this system and said in his title: I haven t used this 
Exactly what it should be. I ordered this as a replacement battery for my Sharp Zaurus SL-5500. It s an exact match and works well!  
This is the best add-on for any handheld device. This keyboard revolutionized my Palm usage. Before it was just an address book with a calendar. Now, I m using it 
Better than Canon s adapter. This is a metal adapter for Canon A6xx. It fits perfectly on the camera and it is for 52mm filters and lenses. The Canon s 
logitech joystick`. received my second one - up and running without a hitch - an excellent joystick used exclusively with M S Flight Simulator Hundreds thousands? -- 4 years of 
A Handy Dandy Portable CB. I used this CB a few weeks ago during an off-road rock crawling run out in the Mojave desert, just outside of Barstow, CA one 
Kensington Retractable Portable Lock. It is a great little device and very popular with our travelling engineers.  
Best mouse I have ever used. I was just looking for a black, wired, simple mouse; but I was pleasantly surprised by this device s performance. While it is my 
Shipping ok, antenna perfect. Package was full of padding, thank s Amazon. Antenna was perfect, works great  
Does It s JOB!. The product allows you to reach out and grab a connection if theirs one to grab. Regular adapters allowed me to SEE connections but not hook 
Great adapter to use with the HP Router. I bought this card to complement the Buffalo HP router and it works great. The speed is great, streaming video is better 
Why buy and then put them down, fake buyers. Monster Cables are the top of the line best cables,perio  
amazing product. When i built my system i used the stock gel attached to my amd 64 heatsink.running at idle my computer recorded temps from 46-49 C and rising. At 
FITS LIKE A GLOVE... After purchasing the TomTom One New Edition and using it for about a week I found the product really does need some sort of transportation case.In 
A good buy. I am happy with my purchase. I haven t had a chance to test it fully yet but it has been performing as expected to this point. 
performed as expected. Overall, I am very happy with this product. The only thing I didn t like was that the sound volume needed to be higher as I was 
Works pretty well most of the time... I had some trouble configuring it, but that was probably my fault. Once I got it up & running with my Linksys wrt54g 
Beautiful picture...great price. We just got this TV delivered on Feb. 4, and we are in love with the picture. Previous raters have said its not as bright as others 
great DVD tower. I love this. Now my DVD s are in order and they fit perfectly  
THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST SCANNERS I HAVE EVER HAD. I think if you are looking for a scanner this is the one to have. I had a little 
Decent speaker at a good price. The AS7C 6 dual voice speaker is a good solution for a smaller room. I m quite impressed with AudioSource speakers in general. I 
On the Contract. Just wanted to note that the contract is available at the top of this page. If you buy this service plan, print out the contract and keep 
great sound at a great price. Quality product with great sound; for two little speakers. Spread out sound well in a large room. I enjoy this product so much that 
Subtracted one star for build quality. I received the iFM 2 months ago, and while the tuner is excellent -regularly pulling in stations I couldn t always get with other 
Excellent PVR. I ve owned this card for 1 1 2 years now. I ve loved it! It installed easily. Was easy to set up. Works great. no HD of 
I could have used this in California. In California & Minnesota drivers are not allowed to use suction cup devices on the windshield gps, radar detectors, satellite radio . On 
Amazing quality. Before I had this, I had a generic cassette adapter. The sound was horrible and it made a terrible, tinny echo. I bought it for my Ford Taurus 
Best canal-type earbuds I have tried. I have tried 2 different models of sony canal phones - the -51 and the -71, they are not as comfortable as these. The 
Stable, but for the S-video. I bought this to record Tivo DVR stuff to DVD. Only mpeg capture device I have tried that gives a good quality picture. Any other 
Perfect for Family Room. Recently purchased the Cinemate system to improve sound quality for my new SONY HD TV in our family room which has very good picture but very 
I can t believe it s true!!!. Wow! I didn t trust the other review. I needed a mini amp, so I decided to bought this one, because of the 
Great Compilaton of Games. The majority of the games are absolutely great. There are few that are dated, but the card is definately worth the price. Great way to pass 
Incredible If Set Up Properly. I m not going to lie, I got the not supported message myself. But after I set up my PS3 properly, everything was great. I 
Works fine. Works perfectly, although I don t remove it many times. Only when it is full. I usually use the USB port to download its contents  
400 Disc CD Changer. This is a perfect answer to the typical CD storage problem. This unit replaces a previous 100 CD changer and is basically the same size. It 
Media Cabinet. The design of the cabinet is fantastic and fits all the video and audio equipment. It was a bit difficult to put together, but at least the instructions 
Works great!. Bought this for our non-CD-equipped car. The system works great with perfectly adequate sound quality I am not a super-mega-audiophile. . No noticeable skipping or sound artifacts. Easy 
Perfect Copies. I have used a HP LaserJet 1200 in my office for 3 years, and have found it to be the most reliable and best printer I ve ever 
Happy with purchase. Like everyone else i researched portable dvd players quite extensively before buying. I settled on this model because of 1-panasonic reputation, 2-9 screen, 3-long battery life, 4- 
Very nice piece of equipment. The other reviews I am reading about this clock do not do it justice. I just opened it 20 minutes ago, and it s on 
Great laptop add-on. Worked as advertised and then some. I bought this for my wife to make using Quicken on her laptop easier, especially when entering lots of numbers. The 
Case Logic Laptop Shuttle Case. This lightweight case was exactly what I needed. I d been looking for something streamlined, just the basics, please, but to no avail. This one 
100 stars. I don t know what these other reviews about it not working with windows media player are about, but I love this thing. I always connect it to 
Good sound and in-line volume control. Pretty good sound quality for the price. Why is it so darn excuse my French hard to find in-ear headphones with volume control. Reaching 
Solid construction, easy to use. This is a very affordable AM FM radio. The reception is pretty good overall, and the sound quality is fine. The battery life appears to 
Works Great. I love Belkin and their surge protectors are top quality. I specifically look for their brand and I am always very impressed. The SurgeMaster 7 Outlet 1045 Joules 
Good Item-Should be included, though. When I bought my 3G 20GB iPod, this part was included. Fortunately when I sold the iPod, I forgot to include it, because we are 
Awesome Speakers for the money. I just bought a pair of these, and they ROCK! These are the best speakers I have ever owned. I just replaced my old Acoustic 
Ticket Saving Device. The company needs to be more thorough in giving the purchaser the full info with regards to the merchandise being shipped. I had to go to them 
Very good HD. Fast and quiet, easy installation and great performance. Western Digital offers a very good warranty for this HD so it is definitively a good product. Although HDs 
SuperPen Review. This superpen is great - once you learn how to use it. There aren t any real instructions for use. We ve done it by trial and error. 
buy this if you want bass. this is direct compare to sony mdr888 50 and shure E4C 300 with all the headphone i got, those are the only 3 i 
Garmin Zumo 550. Does everything I expected it would. People at Garmin were very helpful. Stored 997 songs on 4GB Sd card and it works fine.  
SanDisk Sansa 1GB MP3 player. The software provided with the unit worked well, I bought another mp3 player from another manufacturer that locked up the computer. The menus are easy 
Value for money. Nothing great - don t expect to have long-life and high drain. But if you want a bunch for use in all the kids toys, clocks, alarms... 
Just Wonderful. First of all I must admit I m a TIVOLI fan. Got all the models and several of each except the subwoofer ... until now!!Today I got mine. 
Linksys BEFSR81. A Good buy. Very user friendly and works trouble-free so far. The only negative is the unit should have wall mount capability  
great sound. ok the bass is real nice & the trebble can get high without any sound Disruption.. been looking for a pair like these for a long wile. i 
better than expected. I received a pleasent surprise. The keyboard was shipped sooner than I expected, arrived in perfect condition and works beautifully. I will buy from this vendor again 
Output=2000 pages. Amazon didn t have the specs on this toner cartridge but after digging around it will print about 2000 pages at 5 coverage. That s 3.2 cents a 
The perfect stocking stuffer. I agree with earlier reviews that there is SOME interference on the reception, but I found that it went away when I attached an oblong formation 
Best Economical Choice. I did alot of research and for the price this is the right choice.  
Case Logic Laptop Shuttle sleeve 13 . Great! Fits my brand new Macbook like a glove. Case Logic recommends the 13 shuttle for smaller laptops, but I definitely am glad 
CD Review. The CD s work great. I have used this brand of CD for years, and Amazon had it at a great price. It got here quickly so I 
Simple, reliable and reasonably priced. This system is not the most sophisticated or powerful you can buy, but it represents a great value for the money. I ve had no 
Not perfect, but close. I really like this bag - I bought it to use for college, which I have just recently started. It holds just about everything I could 
SPEAKER SELECTOR. THE BUTTONS ARE A LITTLE CHEESSY BUT THE UNIT WORKED PERFECTLY.WE USE THE SPEAKER SELECTOR TO LISTEN TO THE TV WHILE JOGGING ON THE TREADMILL THE TREADMILL IS 
Dimensions, anyone?. Nicely constructed and well padded. Looks classy, too. Bad news is...no strap or belt loop just a silly sideways loop. No protected hole for earphone or controller. And 
Short And Sweet. I liked this little Radio. I was quite happy with the 4000, but its deffinately over-priced in my opinion, it should be more in the 59 to 
Perfect. This clock has everything. It is electrical or battery operated, accurate time, focuses the time on the ceiling or wall, and the time display changes colors. It has an 
Good sound and longevity. I owned used abused the previous model for more than 6 years and man did it take a beating. It worked flawlessly until the little volume 
A Gem!. It will be a challenge to find something at a similar quality for the same price! This interface is definitely worth it to improve the sound quality of 
Not a review, a Correction. I beleive the first picture for this product is the wrong item. The picture provided by MidwestReviewer is correct.Apple initially provided adapters for Dual-USB iBooks 
It s fine!. Mixed reviews from people on this. I think it s fine. I got 2 as gifts for friends in Africa and were there when they arrived. They 
Awesome HD Quality. HD programming looks spectatcular on this TV. However the SD programming has some room for improvement on several channles. I have Dish Network Everything Package. However i 
Great Buy. Purchased this set after reading the overwhelmingly positive reviews for this product online. Thankfully, the reviews were accurate.For the price, this TV has an incredible picture. I used 
Best FM Transmitter I have heard. I tried the Itrip as well as an Irock device for my 80gb IPOD. The audio quality was low enough I didn t use 
Carefully consider the Length. Nothing wrong with the wire. After conecting the wire to the T.V., however, I realized a longer one would have probably been better. Nice wire though 
Very Good Quality. I am very happy with these. They are fast and with very good qualit  
Amazingly easy and dummy proof. I m a little surprised at the average low rating this product has received from other users. Currently I m running an AMD64 3500 with 
Converts HDMI to DVI with HDCP. I bought this cable to connect my Playstation 3 to an HDTV set that has only DVI I think it s DVI-I but no 
Awesome Paper. This photo paper is truly top of the line, profession grade paper. I have been using it for a few years in making very large photo prints - 
pleasantly surprised. I purchased this about 3 months ago and I absolutely love it. I bought it to use in my darkroom which is a small space and it is 
It Works!!. Easy setup, I received this package and was eagerto install. Sharring a printer. One thing to mention it does require on regular printer cable and TWO male to 
Fantastic New Toy. I Love my new toy. Seller kept it in tip top shape  
Lighter and perfect for a woman to use. This is a really great and light bag that is great as either a rolling or shoulder bag. It is easy to 
Inexpensive Duplex Color Laser. I bought the 2605dn because it is the first networked duplex color laser to my knowledge that isn t ridiculously expensive.Everything is stable and robust; no 
Does the job.. The attenuator works perfectly as advertised, but I really didn t need it since the Shure E2C has a volume control on the body pack....but I ll 
Good buy. After reading the previous reviews on this organizer I purchased one myself. The one thing I would like to comment on that others did nt is that this 
Good unit overall, some bugs. So far I ve found this to be a nice unit. I don t know why the last reviewer said there are no maps, the 
Great value. I have been using this on my Canon Rebel XT for about 9 months. I also have a similar CF card made by Sandisk Ultra II which I 
More than I expected. I ordered this hoping for a protective yet sleek and fashionable bag. I bought the Miami messenger bag and have been very pleased with it. When 
dvd storage case. these DVD storage case s for the price, is a great value. The plastic caseing is strong, and you can print photos and information, and place behind 
Very effective. With a four year old in the house, our videos get dirty and make the heads on the video machine dirty too. This tape cleaner works very very 
One of Kevin Kelly s Cool Tools . http: www.kk.org cooltools I m ordering one today!!  
A D. Got a super deal, lower price than newegg or tigerdirect and the package arrived much earlier than expected. And of course the 64-bit AMD processor works great with 
good product, good timing. the product was sent in good time and the quality was good. v.good!  
Love It!. What a fantastic gift this little device is.. and I m not a teenager!! I wanted nice sound, light weight - small for travel, use of small AA 
Works great, just follow the directions. This is the best I ve used for 2 LCD monitors and a glossy plasma.I have a feeling if some of the other reviewers 
great battery-powered light. i needed a porch light for a house i m renting. the porch doesn t have any power wires or outlets so i was using solar-powered LEDs. 
THE BEST OF THE BEST. THIS IS IT........PERFECTIONTHIS IS MY THIRD PANASONIC PLASMALAST YEARS-42 & 50 , AND THIS YEARS 50 MODEL 50PX600URIGHT OUT OF THE BOX YOU RE IN 
4 Year Old Loves It!. Wanted something inexpensive for the little one. He loves listening to his own music and can run it without a problem  
picture Card. The order arrived on schedule. There were no flaws or irregularities. The card fit my camera and did a good capturing and storing pitures  
SIMPLE TECH 1GIG COMPACT FLASH. EXCELLECT PRICE AND FAST READ WRITE. WORKS GREAT IN MY CANON DIGITAL SLR  
Works well. The Walkman radio works well as I am exercising. I am pleased.  
Outstanding, easily the best player on the market. Don t let anyone kid you. Sony developed the technology and clearly makes the best transport and video D to A on 
Just a little fine print. These albums have twenty pages, each of which can hold 2 discs. So I ll need a few more than I planned. But they are 
Copperhead mouse, not finger friendly for long times. A really nice mouse. It was this one or the G5. I wish that I could have tried the G5 to see 
works great!. I am a truck driver so I am in and out of signal areas from hour to hour. Usually I would have to change the FM modulator channel 
TARGUS SPORT DVD301. This case is great! I bought a 7 DVD player and it fits good. The case in this picture is for a DVD player up to 10 
Likes Dislikes: A List. There are some things I like about this, others I don t. Some people have written similar reviews, but I want to add my 2 cents. 
AudioSource Amp 100. This item performed better than expected and with upgraded speakers it was perfect. It performed as well as or better than many more expensive receiver  
Great headphones, adequate ear bud replacements. I love the EC2 headphones, which depend on a tight seal in the ear. My original foam ear buds seemed to dry out and 
Needs tweeking for the 5th star. Out of the carton -- everything worked as advertized, and the sound is pleasant. The speakers are the weak link. The day after I 
Bose Rules. I am sorry to see the negative reviews on this board. I have had Bose speakers for more than thirty years. My first set, a pair of 601 
Xtremely good product. I bought this the other day along with a D-Link DSL-2320B modem. The router works beautifully. Easy to set up and very good signal strength. The D-Link 
good deal. this item arrived quickly and at a much better price than local department discount stores offere  
D-Link DWL-M60AT works well. This antenna gave me a 30 signal boost when switching from the dinky little plastic antenna on my dlink g520 card. My computer is in the 
Explorist 200 is GREAT!. I purchased the explorist 200 as a navigation tool while out in the woods, primarly scouting the state lands of Michigan for hunting opportunities. The explorist 
Does a good job. I travel a lot and this Cooling stand does a good job, It keeps my notebook cool. The only issue is the rubber stripping will eventually 
A VERY NICE LCD TV. After a lot of researce on a LCD TV, I finally decided on the Sony KDL-46V2500 Bravia V-Series 1080p LCD HDTV, and I m really 
 Awesome you gotta have it. No more turning down the volume for loud commercials or turning volume up after commercials and between loud channels when surfing. Two minutes to 
garage bands buy this. this is as good as the tape recorders they sell for over 50 dollars at radioshack and its only 20 i use it to record my 
Walkman does not disappoint. I searched for several months while trying to decide which portable CD player to purchase. After reading many reviews and finding this Sony the most favorable, 
Great, noiseless cable, color bands are a plus. This is a solid, quality cable with no perceptible noise introduced. The included color bands are stylish and useful for identifying cables. 
iPod 60 GB Video White. Great item! Completely happy with it. Audio and video quality superb  
Awesome little system!. This little speaker system works great! I bought it for a trip to South Beach. It fit nicely in my carry on backpack. There s even a 
I Like This Printer. It works great out of the box. It communicates with my iMac, iBook, and my Palm 650 via Bluetooth, and travels with battery no cables! .What 
Easy set-up, reliable operation so far , and sleek, good looks. The enclosure seems to me to be well-designed and well-made and the instructions for installing the drive in the 
Love it!. I love that it has two different modes- you can shuffle your playlist or just listen to it in the order you put the play list in on 
Linksys Finally Got It Right. I m a dedicated user of Linksys products, mostly because they re more readily available in this part of the country. I had simple experiences 
GREAT PRODUCT!!!!. I received this mp3 as a christmas gift and am thrilled with it. The software used isnt anymore complicated than the software for an ipod, and it is 
Perfect Solution. The Sony extension cord for headphones works especially well and makes my husband happy when I m watching movies late at night. This works with my computer, DVD 
5 stars for my needs. Great printer for my needs. If you want to print a pic it does a great job. Standard text project on standard paper, also just 
Not much use unless you have two. Don t get me wrong I m glad Apple created the dock because I would hate to leave my iPod Mini lying all 
Review of items received. I ordered 10 packs of these radios for a total of 20 units. They were delivered earlier than stated which was fine. One unit had a 
Timely delivery and just what I wanted!. What else can I say?! It came quickly, it was exactly what I ordered. Life is good  
Best CD case you can buy...... I love it!. I bought the one that holds 200 and I love it! The case is very well made and it takes good 
Digital display knob tuning is great!. I just stumbled on the G1000A in a clearance bin at REI for 24.95, so couldn t pass it up. I m pleasantly surprised 
HDTV. The unit was delivered approximately 2 weeks ahead of schedule. Beautiful picture and beautiful soun  
A GREAT ELECTRONICS ITEM!!!!!!!!!!!!. SUPER PICTURE... SUPER SOUND.. I REALLY AM VERY HAPPY WITH MINE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Good!. I searched and compared a LOT of systems and decided on this one mainly because of the auto calibration feature. Onkyo systems were pretty highly rated but expensive and 
My Second Garmin. For about ten years I had been using a Garmin 12 Map for my travels. It worked quite well and still functions as if new. I was 
It is what it is. The only thing is that the picture they have is different. The one that I got was the OEM plug so that was good.Take care 
Great little printer. The reason I love this printer is because of its ease of use, and that s due to it s number one feature - TV output. I 
Great card overall, fast and cheaper than the Sony brand. Been using the card for a while in my PSP. The card is reliable and supports fast data transfers. Perfect 
1-Year Replacement Plan for Electronics Products. Replacement plan here a month before product finally receive  
Hmmm. Not much to review since those dastardly people at epson put microchips in these things to stop you using anything else... so objective comparison is not possible.Trying to get 
Fine product. But then, it s from Olympus!. A good product with a trusted name. When the time comes to add xD Picture Cards to my inventory, I ll gladly 
great value. Very easy to install. Used it to mount a 50 Panasonic Plasma with no problems. Highly recommended.  
pros and cons. It is a quality item from a quality source. The price is low. It is small enough to fit almost anywhere. The sound quality is excellent. The 
Perfect. The quality of assembly is very good. The outer shell is alumination with rubber strips on both the top and bottom in order to prevent surface scratches. Adding a 
Great product!. This case is everything I expected from Kensington, good quality, excelent ergonomics, attention to detail, I like the way it balances in your shoulder, I have a ten 
Works great, and for a reasonable price. Very nice case, for a very good price. Fits well. Holds all the stuff. Opens like a brief case, so you can use 
great ipod for exercise. I would give this 5 stars but for a few things:- the included earbuds are uncomfortable and fall out of my ears duringexercise- syncing is sometimes 
Good basic external drive. Checking the other reviews here on Amazon showed that everyone either loved this Western Digital drive and gave it 5 stars if it worked or else 
Great Home Skype Phone. If you are looking for an easy way to use Skype for day to day use at home, this is a great product. Because there is 
USB connection likely won t work. Great idea that Philips had to add the USb connection to this system. The only problem that you ll likely run into is that 
Nice and convenient to use!!!. I have purchesed this hard drive for about a month and it really did a good job as what I was wanting --- use every 
Great buy. I bought this DVD burner because my friends all told me that it was a great burner, and I compared it to other specs of DVD burners without 
Excellent Receiver!!. I bought this receiver specifically to replace a Sony 5.1 AV receiver I purchased just a few years ago. This is the second Yamaha receiver I have in 
Walking grandma. This little gadget delivers a big punch for very little money. The sound is great and it is easy to load directly from your computer. I am quite 
Print Server 4-PRT USB 802.11G. Love the wireless connection to my HP all-in-one scanner printer. Works great  
Very Easy to Install and Plays well with Ubuntu!. I decided to dust off a 5-year old laptop Winbook Z1 the other day and install Ubuntu on it. I selected 
What You See Is What You Get. Great price and it works well for my 2 sets of computer speakers. Please note - the description states a 6-feet cable, however 
Great new technology. I first bought the Philips system--very inexpensive and very cheap. Could not hear anything. I ve owned Siemens phones in the past and they are expensive. Broke 
Don t embarrass yourself. Great product, however don t embarrass yourself like I did. I purchased a mouse off of Amazon.com and decided to throw in a mouse pad. It 
Great connection. This adaptor is fantastic. We actually get BETTER speed -- 115 Mbps -- than what we get with the ethernet adaptor directly, which is limited to 100 Mbps. 
Great recorder. I bought this to record interviews done primarily on the phone and it s worked beautifully. Clear and easy to use. Once downloaded onto my computer I used 
great. I love this ipod, love the red, n the signed back, cool to look at and cool all around, love the new screen, big bright  
Nice case...Well worth the money. Great for someone who does lots of traveling and the case has held up very well. Quite durable  
very well designed. As a computer geek, home theater enthusiast, video game junkie, and musician with a home recording studio, I have far too many things to plug in and 
Homework for my kids is a breeze now. My daughter outgrew her Quantum Pad so I got her a Palm Pilot TX and loaded it full of educational reference material 
OK if you have a fair wind and you know what you re doing. This device works for me. No problem with it recognizing the printer. I did have a 
Excellent wirless networking solution and portable. I am running a pre-N network which simply means it s faster than G speed and with greater range. I bought this adapter for 
Excellent microphone for the money. While I am no expert mirophones, this one sure seems very good to me. I purchased it so that my son can dub in audio 
Easy to put together and beautiful!!!. This is the perfect width stand for an 46 HDTV. It hangs it very secure and would also be good for 52 screens, although 
Great once you get it working... I spent a long time figuring out why it wasn t working right. If you have problems with it not working at all, use 
Good Small TV. I bought this as a gift for my father and he liked it very much. He says it works good.  
Best Antenna On The Market. I installed this antenna in my Pawn Shop where we keep most of our electronics running all day. I could never get good reception with 
Sony Heavy-Duty Boombox. Exactly what I needed in a portable stereo. Good sound, rugged construction. Very satisfied  
Carrying Case. I love this bag. It is so light and easy to manuever. I have neck issues and this bag is great  
Repairs discs to useable condition as described. With boys aged 2 & 3, and some poor disc storage procedures when I m driving, it appeared I was in need of 
Great center channel mounts. I bought these to mount my center channel speaker under my home theater screen. They look great- practically invisible. They are very heavy- excellent quality. One 
simple and inexpensive. there s not allot to this simple but effective way to split the audio from youramplifier into several other rooms. I have it running off the b 
best value for adapter for 504. There are three great reasons to buy this for the 5041. the price is much lower then the other 2 versions.2. you need a 
Bad Rap. Some of the reviews here are negative because the mouse doesn t behave properly i.e. makes big jumps, etc. I think this is a bad rap. The mouse 
USB to Parallel cable. Do you have an OLD printer you would like to tie to that NEW lap top? I did and at first I didn t think it 
Stylish and functional. Love this stand. I purchased it for my LCD TV so I can put my cable box underneath it & save space on my armoire in the 
Your search stops here... This product excels in every way possible. It is very well manufactured, exceptionally strong, has a smooth movement, is simple to adjust, and installs easily without 
Not all the Aquos specs apply to the 42D62U... Reality check: if you look around the Internet for other vendors, you ll notice several, including this Amazon page, mix the 
Logitech V250 Cordless Mouse Keypad. Very easy to use. Mouse buttons appear to have 2 detents so must push harder to engage. Once use to feel, works great. Takes some 
What can I say... Reviewing a printer cartridge isn t rocket science. I ve purchased many of these particular cartridge. I ve never had a problem with them  
Beautiful television for a great price!. I checked BestBuy and Circuit City, and they had the same television for over 2,000. I can t believe the crisp clear picture. It 
PictureMate Printer. I loved my PictureMate for about two years. It made great pictures and I used it frequently. After using it for about two years, it needs to have 
Quantity for good price. I am very pleased with the Brother P-Tough QL-500. The printing lables are a good price for the quantity you get.  
Memorex Flyer a Best Buy in the Flash World. The flyer is truly one of the best purchases I could have made in the past month. As a very mobile 
Just for me. The article is nice and I am using it with good results  
My Tool. My new Organizer is very useful in my everyday life. It is compact enough to carry in my purse, however in making my decision to purchase I should 
Very good two-way radio set... If you are looking for a good all-around hand held communicator this really merrits consideration. Very good design, comfortable to use and adequately powerful for 
Perfect. This radio is no frills way to get your favorite station with a crisp, solid sound. It has just enough bottom to it, bass-wise, to not give you the 
SD Memory Card is a wonderful device!. The advancements in technology never cease to amaze me. They continue to get smaller and smaller even when you didn t think it 
excellent product. Works as advertised and works really well. I purchased it to provide a serial port for a Virtual windows machine running inside Mac OS X. I used to 
want beryl on an old machine - this card is for you. I have an old machine P4 512mb ram and what used to be a Vanta 16mb nvidia card. 
motorola phone review. I ve got a voice over IP line. This one woks great for this purpose. Reception is very good and it looks cool  
iSkin protective coverage. I bought the red iSkin and have used it for a few months. I found that it s great for working out, travel, and home use. The 
My favorite mouse!. I m very picky about everything I use ~ good looking, nice touch and practical. This tiny little mouse is really my favorite comparing to all others 
Great Deal!. Ordered the 1GB and 512MB cards for my Razr V3xx and they worked immediately and for the past month with no problems. Put it in the phone did 
Snappy Looking and Reasonably Priced. This is my first power conditioner and if I ever needed another one, I wouldn t hesitate to pick up another one of these. These 
Best Batteries. I have 2 remotes, a caller ID, a portable CD player, and a mini-disc player that all take AA batteries. It is nice to have extra batteries around 
turntable. Works very well for my application, i.e. limited use transferring LPs to computer and occasionally just listening to a record. With top cover on it doesn t take up 
Great Cable!. Image quality is just as good as the 80 cable I returned to Best Buy after finding this gem.Get one  
Great product. I am quite pleased with this little TV. It works as expected and I especially like the monitor capability for viewing output from other video cameras. The portability 
Very Satisfied. Very satisfied with my new 500-watt sub. My advice to all you home theatre audiophiles...........never purchase a new subwoofer below 400 watts and a 10 inch cone. Five 
a wonderful recorder. This required a learning curve. Setup is somewhat difficult, but the tech people at TIVO helped me thru it. I needed extra cables because I have both 
No regrets. Contrary to popular belief, I even had a good experience the one time I needed technical support. A few random disconnects, but overall a great product  
It s worth it. I have case logic CD wallets from 7 years ago that are still in good shape...despite the abuse I put them through. I bought this one 
Works Very Well. I make a lot of presentations for my job and wanted a more interesting way to present build slides while presenting. I had purchased one of those 
Garmin iQue M3 purchase. The Item is as dis-scribed and I am very satisfied with the purchase  
Navigation Plus. This is a very good product. The accuracy depends on the maps and for the most part they are very good. We have had 2 examples where it 
Good Looks Great performance. AM sensitivity is very good on this model. AM frequency lock is a little difficult to master, however it makes the set drift free. I own 
HP LaserJet 1022n - another winner from HP. The HP LaserJet printers have been good to me over the years - first a 2, then a 3, then a 4p, 
Works great. Does just what it says it will do. Was easy to install.  
Good price and quality. I couldnt find a cheaper adapter in stores. This one works just fine for me  
Panasonic DMR-E75V Recorder. Absolutely fantastic, my recorder stopped formatting my DVD-Ram disks. I had used the recorder approximately 1 yr, After using Maxell s DVD cleaner disk, all is back 
Lightscribe - The Breakfast Of Champions. These were exactly as advertised and delivery was quick. They re better than kids. They did exactly as I asked. By the way, they 
Great Value. I highly recommend this. Only good things to say. This was inexpensive and I received it in 2 days with free shipping. It s very fast, crisp, easy 
A very good choice!. I got this router to share my cable modem with PCs and a PS2, set up was quick and easy and had no trouble with the 
Acronis true Image. I am very happy with this product it is a replacement for other similar product that did not do what I wanted, after 95 of the backup 
Bravo JVC!!. My Sony MDR-V600 s broke so I needed a quickie cheap replacement to tide me over until payday. These cans are an absolute steal. I have paid 50 
One great monitor!. First, let me say that the monitor arrived from Amazon on time and in perfect condition. There were no dead or stuck pixels. There is some very 
Does the trick... Does the trick, though I will admit the buttons are a little on the cheesy side. Overall good quality. And it comes with 100 labels to label 
Sony Rocks, Great Product for the Money, I Love It. I just installed the Sony ICF-CD523 and IT ROCKS. Fabulous sound, easy to operate, CD played does not skip even 
Great phones. Ordered 2 of these AT & T phone on 2 1 07. Received the phones in 1 day - today. Excellent service - Easy to hook up and 
Worth the money. I cannot comment on the Outlook Sync, since I have not and probably will never use it. This organizer does what it s supposed to do...it stores 
It all fits in mine. I read the review about the size of the case after my order was placed and I was prepared to be disappointed. I found, however, 
Very good for the price. The Cavalry CAUE 37250 HDD is a very good option for mobile storage. I have also to say that the service I did use in 
worked with NEC superscript 870. NEC SuperScript is an old printer, set up took 6 min to finish. Worked like a charm  
Works perfect - converted V CR to S-Video for easier switching. The inexpensive jack was a perfect solution to getting the RCA output of my VCR to work with my 
receiver. The box was pretty beat up when it arrived via UPS, but the receiver was not damaged, and I am happy with the product and price  
Perfect for 2 years under heavy use. I have nothing to report, that is, the device has performed flawlessly in the 2 years I have owned it. I subjected this 
Great deal, good calculator. This calculator was great for the calculus 2 class I purchased it for. The Ti-86 I had wasn t cutting it for the class material and 
this is the best 42 for the money. good price, excellent picture decent contrast, low blur, probably better than my 32 1080i set , this is a great TV! cable 
Good Sturdy Cooler. I bought the cooler for my Dell Inspiron which tends to get hot because I work it so hard - it s cut down the time the 
Great capacity, Great performance. I had a hard drive crash in november 06 and looked everywhere for back up options. After extensive research, I decided to stick with LaCie and 
As with the 4x5 Not designed with Lefties. I would actually recommend if you re an artist to use the 6x8 which has express keys on both sides. While you 
very nice product. Bought this product and was not sure if this will be good purchase given that the product is low priced...!!Install was very smooth and it took just 
CD player. Not bad so far, the only thing I probably can have used is a clip, or something to help me carry it on the walks  
Good but Requires DVD Knowledge. This is my first DVD Recorder so the comments are slanted: The unit is slow as compared to Tape, it takes upward of 30 secs 
Perfect. These boxes are half the size of regular cases, just right--not too bulky like the regular ones  
Ipod takes another blow. Well, to begin with, I am a complete iPOD hater. The whole idea of wasting an buttload of money on something with limited features doesn t 
Good value. For the money you can t beat it. With four kids I go through batteries by the case and have often had issues with generic brands. These batteries 
Great printer for great price. I bought this printer because I m in school and do a lot of black white printing. My previous inkjet was running out of ink 
Meets All My Expectations. Excellent picture quality, easy installation and set up. Full functioning remote that is intuitive to use with easy to see buttons. Controls and connections on the 
Audiovox LFRF remote control extender. the first one purchased was defective. I returned it, and got a refund except shipping costs , and took my chances with purchasing a second 
Works as expected. iPod accessories are so over-priced that it is nice to geta reasonably priced item that does what is expected.Very basic but does the job  
easy to use. simple to instal for good resultsmall and take no plac  
excellent. It was a gift for my granddaughter. She loved it and received it right away. It s great. Thanks  
Reliable, but not fast. I bought this card for my fujifilm F10 camera. Sandisk is very reputable, so no reliability issues so far been 3 months . I don t 
works well enough in Nikon D200. I wanted to be able to shoot lots over several days without dragging a laptop with me through multiple airports. I bought two and 
Easy install. Worked great, even with Windows Vista. I was very impressed, upgraded from a 5 year old webcam that worked on ME and XP. Love it so far, no 
Battery Life Problem Fixed. Great Device. The battery life problem is easily fixed by going to XM s website and downloading a software update to your radio, via the usb 
Works. What can you say about label printer tape. It works as it was intended. Could be easier to peel the backing off, but like I said, it does what 
Best thing for my DSC-H1. Awesome 2 Gig memory. So, I never have to worry about space anymore on my camera.And I had problems earlier with other memory cards. This 
Great buy!. I shopped around for similar speakers at local shops and places like Best Buy and Circuit City. All others were way over priced. The Polks were a great 
COWON America where are you ???????. iaudio x5 is a very nice player, but the company that stands behind it is missing. You can t reguster your x5,no phone numbers 
Fast and friendly. Got my order quickly and found out that these cases are much BETTER than the ones sold here locally, and they were CHEAPER !!  
Canon all in one. Very nice machine. Only wish it could feed fax pages. Very happy. Would reccomend. And a really good price. I use for home business.  
Sirius Antenna. Very satisfied with my antenna and also very satisfied with the service I received at Amazon.com. I didn t expect my antenna until a week after I actually 
Works Great!. It seems that and SD card is an SD card. Although before purchasing this I found a better deal on one on Ebay... I bought 2 of them, 
JBL On Stage speaker for iPod. This stereo is awesome.....it is very compact so you can use it anywhere  
great cover. I am very happy with the leather case. I had heard that the metal case was bad so I bought this case and I love it. User friendly 
Good sounding headphones. Received the headphones on time...I don t have any complaints so far. I m quite satisified with my purchase  
Don t let the price fool you !. This camera bag is better than my 140 Tamrac bag. It holds my D60 camera with a 70 lens attached, my 100-400 
Excellent phones with crisp reception. I was shocked to read the previous reviews since my experience was totally the opposite. My phones don t only work perfectly but they also 
Actually, Quality Does Matter. First, disregard my rating as I don t actually have these cables.However, the first poster is completely wrong when he says quality doesn t matter in 
NotePal Laptop Cooler. I was immediately impressed when I opened the box and saw how rugged and well built this cooler was. It is leap years above the competitor s 
Very Happy!. This router is the best if you have the money for it.I have broadband cable hooked up to my iMac and an Xbox 360.It works great with my 
Has Issues. Very Promising. I ve been waiting for someone to come out with a decent RAID1 Home NAS for a while and this unit has great potential. I knew 
Plantronics Voyager 500A. Superb tool for the desktop phone - also automatically switches over to Cell phone Bluetooth when necessary. Very clear speech on both ends of the phone line 
The nicest little wireless portable speaker for the . I have found the Saitek A250 to be among the best personal purchases of the past year. It produces clear, powerful 
Silicone Skin for iPod 30GB. Helps prevent scratches on your iPod, but still easy to use features. Helps prevent damage if dropped. I have several different cases for my iPod, 
top of the line tv. i ve had this tv for a month now and its incredible. the hd channels are outstanding. the non hd channels are ok. i donr 
Shredder that works as advertised. I have owned this shredder since January, 2007 and it continues to perform with daily use. Please do not waste your money on the cheap 
Good cord for my mp3 player and car. I use this cord to connect my mp3 player to my car s sound system via an aux mp3 jack. It s 
Economical handheld solution. I purchased a refurbished Tungsten E over three months ago and it has been working fine. Like the other reviews state, there is a small noticeable whine 
why you need this one instead of an iPod. I love this thing and I use it all the time. I never leave home without my cell phone or my 
Practical, portable. I also own a XPS 12.1 , and it fits perfectly, including all wires and cables. It s a solution to those who already own a confortable regular 
Great DVD storage item. I have just purchased my 5th case logic DVD album. This is the greatest way to store DVD s  
Good accesible headset. For the price this headset costs i must say that its very rewarding on sound quality and looks. The only thing im not still convinced with is 
Great but watch out for snags. I love this watch, like the other reviewers, because of the timer. Couldn t cook without it. It s classy in a sort of 
KUDOS TO JLAB!. I ordered the miniblaster 2nd generation for my husband for Christmas and it has incredible sound. I wanted to keep it for myself! The sound was awesome 
great fun!. I have this system and also bought two other sets for family members and gave them out for Christmas Gifts and evryone has had only good things too 
Shelf Life for ENELOOP AA batteries. I bought a couple Eight-Pack sets for our two cameras. I charged them and the good Sanyo 2700 s. A month later, the ENELOOPs 
works great, very powerful. very powerful shredder and excellent reviews from others. also recommended on other websites. the step can is really handy to remove the waste  
Excellent Buy. Not as easy to use as a larger Panasonic I used to own butotherwise fine. Good sound. Using CD player and radio.Buying via Amazon as usual is super 
external hard drive. The hard drive was packaged proffesionally and worked the firsttime it was plugged in. I am very pleased with the purchase  
Good Wrist pad for the price. Excellent wrist pad, it was worth it, it s exactly what I wanted nothing more nothing less. It is an attractive black for those 
Couldn t ask for a better display. This was a no-brainer. The monitor arrived on time, and it took longer to unpack it than it did to plug it in 
Theater At Home. I had made a screen using material purchased at a fabric store which material is commonly used for backing curtains. I found the plans online. My homemade 
Creative does a great job this time. I ve been a Turtle Beach lover because I m not a audiophile need most the best quality but can t bear with 
Hard to return. for some reason i had tried to return this item back to its seller, but it was not easy.  
Watch out for key reflections. One warning for users with over head lights. The 6000 keyboard that has tranparent light gray keys is very hard to read if the lighting 
practical and pretty. This product is a good solution to personalizing and protecting the delicate case of your white macbook. I had the white ibook and after a year it 
Sticks Like Glue. This is an exact replacement for the high quality, precision made suction cup mount that comes packaged with the Nuvi unit. Unlike many such suction cup products, 
One Draw Back. I have been researching the FM transmitters for quite a while now and finally decided to give this one a go and if it didnt work I 
I use it as a mouse, not gaming device. Yea...I know, Microsoft calls it a Gaming Mouse , well, it s really not. As others have said, the side buttons 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
great value!. So much cheaper than buying a flash mp3 player... I ve had this and other similar Sandisk memory cards for up to two years without a problem. Have 
battery charger. For the money this charger is a great deal. It charges the batteries fully in a short time. And comes with a car charger  
Simply amazing picture quality. I suspect a lot of the negative reviews are by people with an axe to grind in the Blu-ray vs. HD-DVD battle. However, it s now 
it does what i wanted it to, and better than i expected. i m not an idiot, but i wouldn t say i m hugely tech-savvy. i had this out 
Works fine for recommened Sony radio. We have a Sony ICF-M410V AM FM TV Weather band radio [...], and this adaptor works fine with it. There s a little noise 
If you buy the radio, get this remote!. A great addition to the iH5 radio! You could do without it, but being able to adjust volume from across my apartment 
ok. has both rca and s-vid connectors, but the drawback is that you must use only one of them for all inputs&outputs - no mix possibl  
A Cool Little Device. After being disappointed with the Antec terrible output and Targus flimsy and falls apart after two weeks cooling pads, I was feeling like I was taking 
Sony MZ-RH1 Hi-MD Walkman MiniDisc MP3 Digital Music Player. We are not professional musicians just someone learning to play the Piano. The Digital Music Player controls were a bit confusing 
Does it All on Network. Needed Network connectivity. Got it from Microsoft PC s and Apple Mac s.Both sides of paper and on the Net.Excellan  
Just what I was looking for.... Great AMP for the speakers in my garage and Lanai.....Sounds great and easy to useSimple is good...plus the price is right  
Nice Amp. For less than 300 this is an excellent amp with a good remote. All the AV features you ll need for home theatre use and not difficult to 
Good for Canon a95. Fantastic, take all the videos and pictures you want with the best quality  
good gaming mouse. I was using a MX510 prior to getting this. There is a slight upgrade in performance from the 510. The ability to adjust the sensitivity on the 
Works fine. Product worked great, with little customization and no issues. Unit itself is tiny . Very impressed  
As good as Canon s 60 battery for one-third the price. I have purchased two of these for when I have more shooting to do, and they work great. I 
Just what I needed. When it came down to it, price was the motivating factor in this purchase. I use the modulator on an old TV in my home office, 
Does not work with RAZR 3m for verizon customers. I bought this item thinking I could use it to charge up my phone. Digital rights management has gone too far. 
Essential GPS protection for when you re not navigating. This lightweight Magellan carrying case for the eXplorist series GPS weighs in at a mere .9 ounces 25.5 grams . It 
The best budget cable I have tried!. I have tried a lot of cables in the sub 60 level including BlueJeans Belden 1505F, Acoustic Research MS230, IXOS and M nster 
Very Pleased. I had been searching for a mini MP3 system for some time. This one arrived in just a couple of days, was easy to set up, and I 
Fabulous product!. I am so impressed with this set. The fingerprint reader has proved very reliable and makes password storage secure. This is my second Microsoft unit with a wireless 
as good as a good battery has to be. I like this product.. together with my Sony BCG-34HUE Quick Battery Charger , i think i ve got the best of 
Amazing Product - unless you get a dud. I have had previous bad experience with all-in-ones, but bought this as I liked the B&W Laser and network feature and got 
Quality switch that works well. This switch was my third try to find a DVI USB KVM switch that worked. This was the charm. I use this with a Dell 
Its ok but not made for a Itrip. I orginally had purchased this for road travel along with a Itrip.Both Work great but i have to dislocate my ipod out 
Garmin Edge 305. Excellent features and characteristics. Heart strap came with a dead battery. Battery life of computer only about 10 hours - a bit shorter than Garmin says 12 
Great Product!. I bought the WRT54GX4 yesterday along with a WPC54GX4 PCMIA card for my laptop. My old WRT54G died after 2 3 4 years of service. Linksys will replace 
Great keyboard. Nice feel. Works great at night and looks cool. My kids are bugging me to get one of these now. :  
EXCELLENT. For the price, they are great... They stay in my ears without hurting and have great sound quality..  
This is THE Keyboard. this is the BEST keyboard EVER!!! the keystrokes feel great and lighting OMG the lighting its just perfect.i would recomend this to anyone gamer or nongamer 
Great Addition to my Home. I love my iStation8.My husband had bought a Bose system for 299- OUCH!! We returned the Bose system. The iStation8 sounds just as good.The iStation8 
SIRCK3 Mobile Dock. My unit works flawlessly. I have two of these, one for my truck, the other for my wife s car.After using this kit for a while , 
JLab Miniblaster. This is an excellent product. It is far superior in audio quality to all the other iPod minispeakers and I ve tried them all - the JLab product 
Great sound at an amazing price. The other speakers attached to our TV in the den had blown, and we didn t want to invest a lot in a replacement, 
very ergonomic. I work as a web designer and my mouse is a very important tool for me. I needed good precision and a confortable mouse to work with more 
Easy to install. My old HP Laserjet 4L gave out after about 10 years, or at least the hinges on the door to the toner compartment broke and it would 
Easy To Install - High Quality Output. The ribbon is very easy to install and produced high quality text on Sony DVD media. One ribbon usually prints a little more 
Excellent drive - fast and no coasters!. I purchased this external DVD drive about 3 months ago when it had just been introduced. I was needing to make up back-up 
PJ. It took some work to get the remote set up but once you are done it works great. I put all my home theater equipment in another room in 
Stable Memory. My computer ran great with the extra memory. It recognized it right away. I upgraded from 512MB to 1.5GB. Very solid and relabl  
Great product, great price. Excellent quality for its intended use. The price was unbelieveably low,. You can t beat either  
very good quality wireless camera. easy to setup and use within wireless networkbut not easy to use for remote management without detail instruction to setup the wireless router....amazon service is 
Nice product, does the job nicely . . . definitely recommend this memory card, download time is great . .  
New charger - probably not Absolutely Required. Google query eneloop digicams finds Steve s Digicams claim that these can probably be charged in your existing NIMN charger. Probably for 10 
EASY TO USE AND KNOW WHEN CHARGE IS COMPLETE. THIS CHARGER IS EASY TO USE AND YOU KNOW WHEN THE CHARGE IS FULL AND COMPLETE. IT ALSO CHARGES THREE AAA 
GO 910: A Great Unit For Less Money. Well most of you know that the TomTom 910 recently under went a price reduction so it s retailing at just under 
Nice combo unit, but with a few Caveat emptors... After my five year old Panasonic 20 inch TV started dying, I knew it was time for something new. As I 
iPaq rx4200 Mobile Media Companion. I love my new mobile media companion. Previously I owned a Handspring Visor Deluxe and boy was this an upgrade! The color screen is very 
great item!. I love my fax machine! It s a great deal for a very lowprice. It has a copier, and loads of other features, built right in to the 
Clean, Accurate-Very Good Value. These seem to be solid, honest speakers. They won t win any design contests. They look pretty solemn next to my iMac .The very highest and 
TERK FM-50 - Performance as advertised. I have a Yamaha HTR-5750 receiver which I was using with a Radio Shack FM amplified antenna. I had tried various ways of improving 
Great TV, Bigger than expected. I bought this tv for my wife to watch in the bedroom, while she is pregnant. It attached to the wall bracket easily and looks 
BLUETOOTH Bliss!. I have used Pioneer decks for the last twelve years, this being my sixth deck, and they just keep getting better. I replaced my DEH-P7400MP with the DEH-P9800BT. 
Fast Large Format Printer, but Flimsy Plastic Construction. We now have three of the K850 printers in use, one with a built in print server, second paper tray, and duplexer. 
traditional. This is the standard wah. This thing sounds great! There are a lot of wah pedals with a wider range out there but if you are looking for the 
Getting ready to order another pair... These phones are great! I m not an audiophile, but I do appreciate a good sound. The stock iPod buds are average at best, 
Awesome headphones!. I really love these headphones. I have an IPOD and the I don t like them as they keep coming off. These headphones stay put! I plant to 
Saves Batteries. Whenever you have a portable device that has an available 12V adapter, it s always a good idea to purchase one and use it on the road or 
Cool one. Yep everything is very cool...clarity...etc..but they should do something about clipping in the head of laptop..it is just dancing while I keep it on laptop.  
Great product. I bought this memory card for my camera sd500. At first, I was very dispointed when I only see 1gb on my laptop. After googled around, I realized 
We wanted a better DVD recorder and we got it!!!. We wanted a Sony so that the remote would be compatible with our Sony TV, we also wanted to replace 
Awesome card!!. Simply put, this is an awesome card. I upgraded from two nvidia Albatron 6600GT cards running in SLI mode. If you don t already know, there are a 
Mouse pad with wrist rest works as advertised. Good wrist support, nice design. Crumbs from lunches at my desk, though, like to get caught in its grooves  
HD TV. The 46 inch 1080i Sony Bravia LCD HD TV has an excellent picture and sound. The price from Amazon was excellent. It was delivered quickly and in perfect 
Radar Detector. This is a great devise. It lets you be more attentive to the speed you are going. We gave it as a gift  
a very sturdy product. This is my second shredder and my first Fellowes. I wanted a cross cut shredder because it is more secure and I got tired of emptying 
Great for my purposes. I am a violist and I needed the Sony MZ-RH1 Hi-MD Walkman MiniDisc MP3 Digital Music Player to record myself to make audition CDs for orchestra 
Excellent product,. Instructions were easy to follow which made the installation process very easy as well. Audio of skype communications was improved after installing the adapter. A public phone line 
Epson inks for R1800. Great product in every respect, but cost too much for what it is - ink  
Im716. Great sound quality, although the volume control attached to the wire gets in the way if you do not clip it onto your shirt. I recommend keeping the setting 
Tight fit for the 475. I own the HP 475 and since it s slightly larger then the rest, the printer barely fits in the case. It does fit but 
Super mouse. This is the second wireless optical mouse I have purchased. They are a great product, easy to setup and use. Will purchase more as needed  
Give me a break!!. Good grief, guys! This thing is just an organizer, not a PDA. It costs 1 10th as much, and what it is supposed to do, it 
Good product. I am satisfied with this product. Much better than my 128 card. Lots of pics i use for ebay. Big Time Saver. Excellent. No worries here  
very clear. I love it. Very happy with product, is a best buy per consumer reports and I would have to agree with them. My friends are considering getting the 
Great For Pictures!. I am so glad I bought this printer because I love taking pictures and the HP Photosmart C5180 All-in-One Printer, Scanner, Copier prints out quality photos! All 
No bells, no whistles - exactly what I want. I ve had two RM-EZ2 for over a year now on different TVs ... very satisfactory indeed.pro:-very smooth action, easy to 
Sony CDPCX455 400 Disc MegaStorage CD Changer. I had great hope for this product. It has, mostly, so far, lived up to my expectations. Here are some caveats...I was hoping 
Good buy. If you have basic PC skills this remote is for you. With its USB connection you can basically make any button you want anywhere you want it. The 
Western Digital 80GB Drive. I purchased this drive to replace another WD drive which is 5 years old. It has not failed, but I just think it s about time. 
Speed, Speed, Speed. If you are buying a several hundred dollar camera, then at least have the sense to take advantage of it by buying a FAST memory card. I 
works as I suspected. To me this radio works better than the small two way radios, thats why I bought it. Yes it s a little bigger than the 2 
Safe & Sound. A superb and fast USB memory stick with a range of built in software that enables it to to be used to back up all your sensitive 
Could have been a little better but a great value!. OK, I am going to keep this shorter then most.Pros:Good functionality, 1080i up conversion looks good, Nice over all look 
Well worth the money. Great buy! It is easy to use, fun, and helps motivate.  
Not the scanner for you - if you re a Geek!. This is an awesome scanner. Compact, powerful, and loaded with features. Easy to use right out of the box. 
Charger Transmitter for Sansa. The spring loaded arms for securing the unit in the console drink holder work great. I m able to use it in several different size consoles. 
Very Good. It s really clear, bright, and good enough for me to give 5 stars  
yay. It s tough to find an mic that retains the sound of the oboe so well. It s a strange instrument acoustically, but this mic does an excellent job 
Hiro Telephone Modems. I have found these modems quite suitable for the telephone autocalling purposes I intended them to be used for. The only consideration I ve found is that 
Best I have been able to find. Since we are seeing HI temperatures below 30 degrees, I have not been able to hook this up outside yet, but I placed 
easy to install - works as advertised. Got it in the mail and had it up and running in about 15 minutes...dummy-proof...sound transmission quality is very good...was suprised how much 
Very good quality, worth the extra . I am very pleased with the quality of the CDs. I love burning my own music, and the previous brand I used would 
Good Product. I thought the price was a bit high once I ve seen others similar in the stores, but nonetheless we have been pleased with it  
HP carrying case. Purchased for my daughter s new printer. It s very well constructed, sized perfectly, and has multiple storage pockets while not being overloaded. Highly recommended  
Great design and performance. I have to say I m very pleased with the product. I have two units connected on 2 different circuits and the performance is great- 50-60Mbps.My 
Does what it is supposed to do. It is a compact flash reader writer and it does exactly that. So I am happy with it  
BICs. I m so happy with these speakers. For the price, the sound is utterly amazing. I have a good moderately priced system, and these speakers really make it special. 
LI6000WX - Full featured, high quality, next generation, good price with change. Full featured units with the high quality clear transmission of all cobra radios at a good package price. 
Great storage product for your DVDs or CDs!. Memorex is a brand known for quality over the past 20 years when it comes to blank media storage as well as 
Naysayers don t know what they are talking about. I have a relatively simple setup, combining a vizio lcd tv, a philips tuner surround system, a philips dvr dvd burner, 
Owned these for two years - eventually broke. Just my two cents, I bought these from the sony store for 15 bucks two years ago, they ve lasted me this 
I LOVE IT!!!. I ENJOY IT EVERYDAY... GOOD SELECTION.... !!!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.... DON T BE AFRAID... GO FOR IT!!! AND SING ALL DAY LONG...  
Tivoli Model Two Deserves a Full 10 Stars!. It is a pleasure to give a positive review to a product that has been designed using the KISS Formula ! Simple, 
Didn t realize how much I needed an mp3 player untill I bought this adaptor. This little adaptor works great right out of the box. I tuned my radio to 
matched perfectly. Highly recommend. Looks like one piece with the Sony KDS-60A2000TV. It has notches for the TV legs for stability and also a strap to tie in from behind 
Best Option for Epson Printers. After trying a cheaper imitation ink cartridge, I can now say that using Epson ink cartridges is the only reliable way to keep your printer 
Big upgrade from Graphire4. I bought a Graphire4 4x5 tablet first thinking it would be enough for me... It was ok, but then I got a chance to play with 
It s cool. This item is very useful for my car because it doesn t have any unocuppied space near to the cigarette lighter socket.I find it very useful  
The Best.... This is an absolutely wonderful product. The CD Player in my Cadillac was skipping tracks and was a mess. One use of this cleaner specially for cars and 
Great for making cards!. I purchased this paper to print-out cards we designed for my parents 50th wedding anniversary. We have a wedding photo on the front, and additional images 
Quality guitar stand. This guitar stand feels solid and well made. The prongs that hold the guitar are padded and there s a rubber pad at the top of the 
very good GPS. I like following features of TomTom One1. It has intuitive user interface and is easy to use2. It gives the user the choice of A-Z keyboard or 
Great printer for the money. I purchased this because it got a good write-up in Consumers Reports. It was inexpensive for a laser and the print and copy quality is 
Not perfect, but not bad. Over all, I like this product.The only problems are:-Some CDs that play fine in my car and other stereos seem to skip frequently on this 
This is the best power strip I own. I have a very nice computer, very nice speakers, and other various peripherals on my desk. To power them, I m using 
Awesome. This is an awesome flash drive, tons of space, really fast, very durable. Smaller than i thought too. Great buy  
Excellent Sound!. I am usually picky about my sound, and usually get the absolute best quality in my audio accesories. I never really cared for Sony, but I decided to 
Making up for other s mistakes. In theory, you don t need this device.You ve bought an HDTV screen, it s got input for your existing DVD player, and you 
StarTech HDMI Digital Video Cable. The quality of the pictures on my new TV when hooked to the computer with this cable are stunning.  
Satisfied!. I just make it very short!I m very satisfied with Plextor, it is just i expected to be! All my home videos are digitalized with no problem at all. 
Great Little Radio for Running. This is a great little radio that easily clips on my running shorts. It is light weight and compact. I can easily change stations using 
Great sound - with FM and iPod - and small footprint. I was looking for a radio that would sound great FM and with an iPod and would not take 
Awesome!!!!. this is an awesome case! its durable and it really protects the ipod. also fits well in pockets for its size because its on the larger side but still 
WORKS WELL WITH MAC S APPLE-TALK for me . Linksys tech support assured me that their were no limitations to this gizmos ability to route ethernet signals. Sure enough, I 
Trouble free. I ve been using this modem for three years without a hiccup. Although there are newer models available, if you can find a working used version of this 
Great product at a price thay went down after I bought mine. This remote speaker and transmiter has superior sound, actually works inside and out. The only drawback is the 
Top notch. Stick it in and you re ready to go. Fast data transfer. Memory meter is the icing on the cake  
Once it got here, great. Quite pleased with the TV, good picture, no problems, except for shipping.Shipping company had wrong address, so did not receive TV as soon as possible. 
Great Product. Worth the extra money as I had metal studs and running unprotected wire would have cut it to bits. The outer insulation is very tough and the correct 
memory stick. the 1 gb card took all the pictures on a trip to hawaii, over 300  
Great Purchase. This was a Christmas present. It arrived on time and what a deal  
my review of the Wacom Graphire4 6x8 USB tablet. The tablet is great. I enjoy it.It was easy to install, and the disk provided a decent tutorial of how to 
I like it .. Better than what I expected ..But still i cant find the perfect headphone that fits PERFECTLY .  
These media worked fine on my computer. I agree that these are not top of the line. But they aren t bad at all. I get coasters occassionally even from 
Belkin N1 Wireless Notebook Card. I ve had good luck with this wireless card. No dropped connections. The install was very easy and fast. I get great range and very 
Great Little Mouse. This perfect. Small and compact. The retractable cord is very handy. I plan to use this all the time when I travel  
Nice lil phone. I bought this phone to replace the Sylvania junk that ate batteries like crazy. I know there are phones now with 5 gigs,but we just didn t 
Perfect case for the Dell Inspiron 9300 Notebook. This case is not only designed well with many features, but is a perfect fit for my Dell Inspiron 9300 Notebook. I 
Refurbished Sonic Impact 5085 I-Fusion Portable Speakers for iPod Purchased on 01 02 2007 . This item is excellent, sounds are great and I don t even need a headset. 
excellent, high quality add-on to the Tivoli. I use a Tivoli model satellite as my alarm clock in the bedroom, and it also serves as a receiver for my Sonos 
WIFI Seeker exceeded my expectations. When I first got a wireless network at home I purchased a Kensington WIFI Finder. It worked fine. But as time went on I saw 
Great, quiet, little portable CD player. I bought this small Coby CD player because I m a spa consultant with BeautiControl so I go to other people s homes and 
Very good MFC for a home small office. I purchased this MFC, which is my first, to replace an old HP Laserjet 5P and an old HP Scanjet 3200C. I 
GREAT VALUE!. FOR 62.00 SHIPPED TO MY HOME I COULDN T BE HAPPIER AT THIS TIME. THIS IS A CAPABLE PRINTER FOR MY GENERAL HOME COMPUTER USES. I LIKE THE 
great product. sleek, durable, and practical. I am secure that my laptop is not going to get dinged in this soft case. It fits nicely into my bag to tranport 
Excellent Pocket Radio...but no RDS. I bought this radio expecting to get RDS display as shown in the picture on the listing. The radio that I got does not have 
Wish i had read the supported disk-types better. Product is quite a great little DVD player, DVD-Audio playback is fantastic over HDMI caution, DVD-Audio will only send Stereo, not 5.1 
Buffalo Technology WLI2PCIG54S 125 High Speed. Product as advertised and received in a timely fashion.Works great  
I own two of these. There are not a lot of choices out there for a DVD changer that can hold more than 5 or 6 DVD s. This one 
Wicked!!!. The ZBoard is the next best thing to having a voice activated keyboard that writes for you. Its great for anything you want to do. If your a gamer, 
Awsome product and support. The product is great! Robust and I use the Roboform purchase separatly on it sevearl times a day! The only thing that was strange was it 
Fantastic For Non-Noisy Environments. I have these and the more expensive PMX 200s. These are way more comfortable and sound great as well the PMX 200s edge them in terms 
Does What It s Supposed To Do. I just got this unit to replace a TERRIBLE Terk Mini Modulator don t buy, don t buy, don t buy and the 
Works Great. I have owned this product for over 2 years now. I was worried at first as most of my print jobs still come from a Windows98 PC, and 
Great value on a quality product!. Using this CF card in my Kodak DCS Pro SLR n and Nikon D2h and I m very happy with it. The speed in 
Simple, straightforward, hard drive enclosure. Opened the enclosure, plugged in my hard drive, connected it to my PC, and it worked. Simple as that.I spent a whole 10 seconds realizing 
NoteBook Sleeve. The product was excellent. Looked better than the picture. I made a mistake though, I didn t pay attention to the size. I had to return it because 
Modem review. This Motorola modem replaced an aging Toshiba that would crash at least once a day. Since installing the Motorola modem, I havn t crashed once. It also replaced 
great photo printer!. Had it about a year now and had a few printers. This is the best for the money bore-none  
Great screen for price. We purchased the Toshiba 56 DLP 5 months ago and continue to be very happy with it. While the prices on all HD TV s continue 
Smooth graphics. This card is one of the best, the graphics are very high! i play games at full specs, needs a big chassis because generates heat, i did bought 
Works great. Includes 5 free software programs. 2 coupons.A . Works very well. I ran my CD and DVD test subjects thru about 10 times and the discs would physically 
Works great with HDMI and my HP Plasma HDTV. Very nice picture. Looks best in 720p mode. Read the manual first. Worth it if you own an HDTV and want 
Sleek, elegant, reliable. unlike most tech gadgets that are a little outdated, this product stands in nearly every aspect. The sleek, supreme design by F.A. Porsche makes this product appearance 
I Don t Know. I guess it s going to be great like all the other ones I had. I need to buy a new one just because my old 
No Problems. Not much to get excited about with an SD card. Either does the job or not. Price is such one might wonder about quality, so thought I would 
Best Phone for Best Price. I have been using this phone for the past one year, never had a single problem. Only one cosmetic issue that I have found, after 
Great with MCE. I needed a TV card for my new Sony Vaio XP-MCE and i made a research on the best in the market, i agreed on this card 
quiet and stable. OpenGL 2.0, DVI and GNU Linux support. I am building a quiet and stable PC. For my graphic card I was looking for a fanless nVidia video 
Works fine. I bought this converter to use it on my xbox and lcd tv monitor tv does not have a vga input It works as intended, I m able 
Ultra 100 16:9 Manual Projection Screen. A great projection screen at a great price. Great delivery service. I am very satisfied with this product  
Cheap cable, works fine. I needed a DVI cable and didn t want to pay too much. This cable fit the bill and I haven t had any trouble with 
Excelle phones for the money!. I absolutely love these phones! This was a great deal to receive four phones for the price. They all work both as an intercom system 
Onkyo TX-SR804. Great Receiver for any home system, very easy to setup and fun to use with music or movies  
cordless telephone. at last a telephone with simple instructions and lots of benefits. An excellent buy. Easy to use; window showing caller ID is large and easy to read  
Does what it says it does. I was looking for a charger for my sandisk that allowed me to charge my mp3 player without having to plug it into my 
Terrific Screen Protector needs carefull installation. This is an exceptional screen protector. On the Internet forum AXIMSITE. COM, it is suggested that one install screen protectors in a bathroom steamed 
Great Functions. This cassette recorder has great sound quality and easy functions. I would recommend this product to anyone who needs to record speeches, or music for practice and auditions, 
Simple and Simply Delightful. I purchased this multi-region DVD player because I wanted to watch some British programming not available in the States. It was simple to install, even for 
Robin. The mp3 player is great, but I was dissapointed when I received it. The description of the player read, that it was, a FM and voice recorder and what 
Overkill?. I replaced the standard video cable running from my Monster splitter to my aging, 70&quot; Mitsubishi projection TV. I had been so pleased with the signal splitter I figured 
JetFlash. I like to work with this one, it has a great speed of writing on, and I haven t had any trouble with it at all since I have 
#1 does not apply, see below. 1. This and another ink cartridge orders were OK.2. Order for multiple cartridges from an OUTSIDE VENDORdid not match, clogged printer. Vendor notified, offerd 
great little product, but may be glitchy. The navagation buttons are a little odd. The music seemed to be glitchy, but I think that was my software I was using. 
Must remove rubber feet. I bought one of these on eBay. It took me a while to figure out that you have to remove the rubber feet on the router. 
Excellent, inexpensive remote. Very easy to set up. Works with Sony HDTV, Sony VCR, Toshiba DVD and Pioneer Receiver. I haven t yet checked out the DVD thoroughly. The menus 
On the Contract. If you buy this service plan, print out the contract found at the top of this page and keep your receipt. I did not purchase the plan, 
After trying a few, I found this, the best. This is an excelent product, I bought two to storage movies and pictures, I work with MAC, perfect match, absolutly quiet 
I love it. I use this with a PC running on Windows XP Home Edition SP2 and it works marvels. Damn, I didn t even need to install the drivers 
Magellan XL GPS features are unsurpassed. I recently upgraded my GPS by purchasing a Magellan Explorist XL handheld unit. It replaced the first GPS unit I purchased a few years 
Great cassette player recorder. Great cassette player recorderAllows dubbing from tape to tape, cd to tape, or radio to tape  
Super fast little guy. We have been using this printer for a little over a month now at work where we print an average of about 100 pages a day 
It works. I m using it to connect a Bose radio with my xbox 360. It sounds great  
Terk Satellite Radio 50 Indoor Outdoor Antenna Ext Cable. Received the item promptly. It was as advertised. All connections were easily done. And it has worked flawlessly since it received 
A must have for your SATradio. The reception with the antenna is great. The cord is long enough to reach our stereo from the window. A good 15 ft.I come 
breakthrough new technology that works. Purchased this along with a new Linksys WRT54GX4 router the latest from Linksys . The installation was easy. And most important the combination reached areas 
Great Product for Ipod Protection. I highly recommend this product for anyone who is looking to keep their ipod safe from scratches. I got this for my 30gb ipod and 
Love this unit. I bought the Roady XT last month when it first came out & loved it. Thought it couldn t possibly be topped, but boy, was I wrong.The 
So comfortable. Not only does this headset give you excellent sound quality and bass, but it is soo comfortable. They go AROUND your ears, not on them. The velvet-like padding 
Excellent Product. The product is excellent, very confortable in use. And the seller was very good in all the process  
...so easy, even a caveman could do it? Sorry . If you, like me, have been blessed with the ability to get lost virtually anywhere at anytime, then let me 
nice product. comes in slim jewel cases. i tried burning them...came out to be perfect...worked on my dvd player as well.... so at this price...being dvd-rw, its worth buying them 
Works as expected. I have purchased two of these Firewire hubs. They have worked fine with several Western Digital 500GB MyBooks and LaCie 250GB and 500GB Porsche drives connected to 
Great hub - just a few minor issues. PROSSmallCuteSelf-powered - comes with a power adaptor. I have 6 devices hooked up to it, including 2 USB Hard Drives, and it 
easy setup .. but... This was a breeze to set up. Just install the software on you computer, enter the model numbers of your components. For those few items that 
Better for Home than Car. This Unit performs well, both in the car and home. It performs best at home as you can plug it right into your stereo vs. 
Cobra A C Adapter for the Nav One. This was a great buy, Item was as described. A  
Works Exactly As You d Think. I ordered one of these because my receiver only has 1 optical input & I needed a second input for my X-Box 360. I 
Razer Death Adder - Best Mouse Yet. I have owned multiple different mice including Microsoft 1.1, Logitec mx500, 510, 518 and the Razer Copperhead. I have no hesitation in saying 
So far, so good. I bought two 64MB XD picture cards, thinking I d have one for backup if anything went wrong with one of them. I have yet to 
Great product, but.... This turntable does what it s supposed to do and does it very well, however, the software is somewhat awkward and takes a lot of reading through 
Can t beat the price. The cost plus shipping still beats the sale priceof a similar item at Walmart. Works fine  
A good temporary solution... until you can swing the cash for a new A V receiver. I bought this because my Denon receiver has only 1 optical input and I 
Quality Construction, Easy Installation. This is a high quality, precision made piece. I m very particular about the construction of things that I buy and this Peerless arm more than 
The Real Deal. I think that this is a great invention. No more films to take out and take to develop  
great graduation gift. I bought this for a graduate. It was everything he wanted and more. Perfect for the college student. He was excited about the area made for carrying 
good product. this product is used everyday and it is great.no issues with it  
Great price, good product. This item is a very good buy. It cheaper than most but good quality  
Zip It, Don t Rip It!. You just bought a prerecorded CD or you re ready to download and burn a new CD. The excitement builds...30 minutes later, after trying 
Great surround Sound speakers!. I got these to replace my DUAL speakers i got off of ebay for 1 cent plus 39.99 shipping LOL. Those speakers were not even worth 
Perfect. For as much money as they charge for iPods they should come with a lifetime supply of earbuds!!!! I used the factory ones to the point they were trashed. 
Pricey - But Worth It. This cable really cleaned up the display image. I had been running another Monster Cable - the 6 meter version. I needed the length before 
casio watch classic g shock. Best watch out there for the price. Watch bands however don t last very long. To purchase an OEM band and not some substitute is 
SanDisk 4 GB Memory Stick PRO. great price and works exactly like the one that came with new camera only much larger storage spac  
Superior design at cost. My Macbook is 7 months old. It s well traveled. My six year old misuses it. And I ve never had any problems.I thought I might 
since I was a kid. I haven t had a good shortwave radio since I was a kid. Since then I also have become an Electrical Engineer and have been 
This is a great projector as long as you only use progressiv. The de-interlacer chip is unneaded as long as you use all progressive sources.In fact when you input HDTV 
quick. Not sure what it is but my rom seems to find these disks quicker and likes burning to them because there done faster then others with the same ratings 
Garmin 550. The Garmin 550 is a excellent GPS unit and I am very satisfied with it.This is my first but after doing some home work on gps units, this 
Washed and Dried but it still works. My drive got mixed in with the wash. I found it as I was taking the clothes out and was worried but I 
great bass. small size, typical bose quality.these speakers have more bass for their size than any i have had before. fills up any small to medium sized room -- plenty 
Canon Black ink Cartridge. Good price and quick delivery. The product is a Canon original and not a generic which the repairman told me never to use in my Canon 
Very Good Mouse... A Little Small Though. This mouse works, I frequently travel from school to home and its nice to be able to throw my mouse in a pocket 
Good. I bought for our computer cd-rom because it wasn t working properly and once i put in my cd cleaner it started working very good so now everytime the 
This worked fantastic for me. Hi everyone, I know it seems that many people have had bad luck with this item, but I ve used mine dozens of times without 
Best Value, Superior Quality. This review is a little long-winded, but I am going to share with you my experiences after burning hundreds of DVDs. After all, many of us 
Amazing sound at an oustanding value!. I purchased the AM3 s for my kitchen. I have the cubes hanging under my cabinets using Vantage Point mounts and the passive subwoofer 
Very cool! Works exactly like the say. Similar experience to the reviewer below: took me 15 minutes to setup and install and I got about 15 stations. Works very well. 
NIce product. Better quality components than I expected. They ve definitely improved the product since I saw a client s speakers and was motivated to buy my own. I wish 
Confirmed To Be Compatible With Magellan RoadMate 6000T. This is just a basic AC Adapter to charge the battery for Magellan RoadMate Navigation systems.The Amazon page list it working for 
Seagate External Hard drive. For years I had been using Iomega Zip Drives to back up financial data, but the last two that I bought only barely passed the warranty 
Good Choice. I am happy with this wireless card. I have several computers that I have installed wireless cards on. This one was one the easiest one to install, because 
Enough Memory. Witht this memory card you will not miss anything.Lot of space and fast storage for your continuos shooting  
Mine works great- some recommendations for other buyer s issues. Well, I ended up buying mine on closeout from Radio Shack for 149..I love mine... The sound really is great, 
Easy, Addicting, Exciting, Surprising!. I bought this scanner to use at the Bristol Night race in August 2006. I fully expected this unit to do well as a race scanner, 
Great product!. I ve had this product for well over a year now and was using it with my XP machine and am now using it with my Apple Mac 
Plugs work very well. I m very happy with the quality and sturdiness of these plugs. I attached cheap, 16 gauge speaker wire its all I had laying around through 
Smooth and Trouble Free. The item appeared new and the service was smooth and trouble free. This item is part of a huge project and was a gift; so I 
Unlike other USB Hubs. This is very well designed. It give you 4 USB Port but two on opposite sides. This is very clever becase you have plug in devices 
Plextor burning experience. Not being a professional, I can only reply as to my experience so far. I ve only copied about a half dozen movies to date, and after 
Recently got mine. Very nice and compliments my collection well... I purchased my Eton here on Amazon for 99 and received mine several weeks ago with great anticipation. The wait 
Very good TV at a very good price. I have to say that I m very much impressed with the quality of this relatively unknown brand. It is an inexpensive 
Useful And Fabulous Laptop Case. I have been using this bag for the past 1.5 years, its still good and better than all the other laptop cases I have seen 
Wow! Great product, great price... I initially dismissed this product because it looked cheap, and seemed to be priced accordingly. But after reading some of the reviews, I decided to 
Beautiful prints and easy to use. This printer was very easy to use. Just pop in the cartridge, paper, and plug in the camera. The camera has to be a 
50 Faster Writes than advertised. I m very happy so far, especially as I tested the write speed to be 18MB S which is 50 faster than claimed. The read 
easy entry level. Very easy hook-up and set-up.Working fine with my old STV and gives Fm feature I was interested in having.Looking forward to it adequately driving my new flat 
Don t Settle for Imitations!. I ve had Canon printers using this cartridge for more than a year and won t settle for any of those knock-offs. Yeah, they re 
HARD TO FIND -- C6614AN HP No. 20 . This new-ish ink concept from HP makes GREAT copies and is EASY to install. I should have looked at Amazon.com first 
CardScan 90 accurate. I am actually very impressed with the ability of this scanner to accurately scan a wide range of business card formats and input the individual data into 
Good value for money. Its as good as the Sony memory stick if not better at 75 the cost.I think 256 MB is more than enough storage space as it 
A better antenna. I have just ordered my second antenna. It works like a dream indoors and just sucks up the signal -- perhaps due to the mounting device. I 
Nothing to complain about, works great!. Right angle connector is great! Fits well in my case  
Stylish. I like the lanyard, it holds the iPod Mini even when I yank at it and jump around. Good for Mini owners with Shuffle envy. A lot better to 
Big, bright, and beautiful. And expensive, but you get what you pay for, and look closely at the specs of those cheaper big screens before you buy  
Next Generation Brag Book & More. Was I ever surprised when my husband purchased this nifty photo iPod for me as a birthday present when they first came out on 
Great Product. Bought 2 work great. Set up very similar to a cassette deck  
Kingston SD Card. This is a high quality product, and can be used in several digital cameras with great results  
excellent mp3 player. If you are looking for an mp3 player , then this should be your dream come true choice.It has a small display screen , but it is 
Audio Technica AT-PL50. Bought this because I wanted something simple and cheap. Works well with no problems. Is worth the money if you are looking for something to play your 
Forget the shoes!. I got a Nano for Christmas and wanted to use the Nike Plus technology...but A didn t like the shoes and B Wasn t trying to spend 
solid phone. easy setup, works fine. I like the ability to name each phone, so when they all end up in the same room, you know where they go. That 
Great Monitor if your video card supports 1680x1050 . Overall, after using the monitor for about 2 months, I am very pleased with it. So don t take the Con 
Speaker Stands. I think my speakers were too big for the stands a misjudge on my part. They are holding up just the same and they look great. I may 
lacking. Not a bad product, but has very little bass response and the weather channel does not come in very well, no matter where the antenna is positione  
Works a treat. There is not a lot to this device. Simply plug the wire that comes with it into your yamaha amplifier and receiver and away you go. The 
Strong AM Saves Me in My High-Interference Office. I ve toted several radios to my work office, which thanks to thick concrete walls and all sorts of electronic gadgets, is 
Good Price for the quality. Very good Price per utility. highly recommending for any one who is building a machine under budget.  
Nice sleeves. All I can say is that they are good sleeves and they are nice to have to protect CD s DVD s  
Excellent Value. Perfect fit for my Bose Satellite Speakers, I bought 2 sets of stands, easy to assemble, good quality, excellent value, Highly recommended  
Great TV for the money. I had no intention on buying a TV when I went with my friend to Best Buy. I started to check out the tv s 
Is It Worth Buying. I have been using 3 - 128mb, 1 -256mb, and 1 -8mb card with my 2.1 megapixel camera. That got me about 648 photos which has 
Work like a Charm. I purchased this printer after I had 2 inkjets to go belly-up on me. I was tired of the inkjet short longevity with the volume that 
hooking up to your DVR. We tried everything to hook our DVR Time Warner up to our surround and nothing was working. We finally found this Converter and it works 
The true joy comes from the cubes...not the subwoofer. I origianlly thought this was an excellent offer. Two rear Bose speakers with a sub woofer. The setup was simple and 
A good scanner. I love this scanner! Amazing results using a outdoor antenna. It s very easy to listen the frequency of the policy, airports and even cordless phones. Funny, 
Alternate pick to Ipod. I was programming an Ipod for a friend and became interested in buying one for myself. I went to the store to get some info on 
usb2 firewire. works great. has internal usb too, but no extension cable.to connect to existing usb females  
Good stuff. I d been using Casio fx5000, the old model, it was working great. I like casio best, but I couldn t find that model anymore, so I decided 
Garmin 7200. After having owned several other Garmin GPS s, this by far is the best one. It has many other features that really make using it a pleasure. The 
Excellent Product, But NOT Eligible for Amazon Prime. I bought a pack of these when a major retailer had a rebate deal on them, and they work wonderfully. I have 
awesome little guy, if you don t mind the wire. For travelling from place to place, it s great. It packs small and I don t have to worry about 
A great USB hub!. We were having power-related problems on our motherboard USB ports and this hub enables us to use our external hard drive, graphics tablet, and monitor color 
Sony Memory Stick Reader. I ve used the old style Sony memory stick reader in the past with excellent results. I bought a new Sony camera but the memory card 
Sony CD-Rs -- CD Burning That Is Inexpensive And Reliable. CD-Rs are a much needed thing for me. Even if I still have my music on an iPod, I still 
Not perfect, but close. I really like this bag - I bought it to use for college, which I have just recently started. It holds just about everything I could 
AMAZON A GREAT SELLER. Th produt it s excelent, some problems but it was attemping inmidiatly  
Better Than Expected. The extender easily linked up with the Harmony 890 remote. I have 4 pieces of equipment behind oak doors. I put the leads in each cabinet, it 
So Cute. I brought this to protect my ipod from scratches. I love the color.The leather is a soft pink and the inside is grey.Alsoyou still have acess to your 
Very useful, great user interface, good battery. We bought this so that we could travel without using our laptops to access emails and such, and it s been spectacular so 
Great Product & Great Price. This charger is all and more than what I expected for the price. I have been very pleased with no negative comments.  
TEAC delivers high quality, low price. I agree with the comments posted here. Like most of us, I was interested in the Bose sound yet put off by the prestige 
Good product with a good price. I bought this card for my new camera, works well and speed is better than I expect.The shipping is just a little bit long 
Best headset value - you should buy!. The headset itself is sturdy and very comfortable. There is a lot of padding and it s adjustable in a number of ways. 
Media Cabinet. The design of the cabinet is fantastic and fits all the video and audio equipment. It was a bit difficult to put together, but at least the instructions 
Bag your Lap Top. Nice traveler for your Lap Top - good storage, easy zipping and lots of spacers to secure your unit. All in all a good traveler which 
Simpler way to modify. You can just peel the product label a little the corner nearest to the antenna and expose three holes in the back cover. You can rotate 
These Earbuds Are The Best. I took my MP3 player into the store with me to check out earbuds.Eveyone I tried was terrible; so I ended up buying online.I read 
Buy It. I couldn t find this adapter locally, so I turned to Amazon.com. Naturally I found it. The price was right, I received the advertised rebate, and the product 
Amazing. Amazing keybioard stylish and functional but you will definitly need the IR receiver from microsot, it will work if u have a remote control wit a receiver also by 
very good. i din t gave it the fifth star because i couldn t adjust the PA volume. beside that it is a very good product  
Excellent Speakers. I have been meaning to buy speakers for my Toughbook CF-18 since they are mostly busted.And I found these JLAB speakers on here and the reviews were fantastic.I 
Good instrument. I am very satisfied by the buy of this calculator. His performance to been very satisfactory up to the today  
Very Easy To Install & Use. Plugged right in and worked like a charm. No software to configure. Great buy. Great product  
outstanding all-in-one laser. This product is exceptional. I have gone through many printers over time and this is by far the best. It is quick to warmup and quick to 
Pros and cons. I have three of these CD towers, and in general I m very pleased with them. I like the wave design, and they hold a LOT of 
For a better buy... look up the &quot;Monster Cable J2 HCAM SM-6 Hi-8 S-VHS&quot;kit. Although it is titled for camcorders, it has the Super Video 2 6 ft and the 
Well Satisfied With QuickCam. I received my Quickcam Stx and I had it hooked up and running in a few min. The brightness was fine. The Audio adjusted very quickly. 
Mini Mouse. If you want a very small travel mouse, this might be the way to go. I can t hold it like a regular mouse because my hand would 
As Good as Clear Channel Data. The accuracy of this unit depends on the simple factor of the data that comes from the procider. Some days it is very accurate 
Belkin AV Video Cable Review. Although I found a cheaper cable elsewhere that was the same size and length, I found out later that I didn t need the cable 
Good sound cable. Got 3 of these, so about 300 feet in total. Each roll had a 100 feet as describe. Not sure why other review said in came in 
Microsoft Witreless Optical Mouse 3000. Very easy to use. Comfortable size. I would recommend this product if you don t need advanced bells and whistles  
Very reliable. I ve had my Cobra 29 for over five years now. It s been in four different trucks, and traveled over 500,000 miles with me. Once I added 
excellent value. I had a receiver with a display problem but the rest of the system components the speakers were fine. I ordered this unit and am very pleased. The 
there just batteries. theyre friggin batteries. what else can I say. they last ok and cost ok. no big deal  
Wireless G Access Point review. The wireless access allows me to work downstairs in comfort. Our office is over the garage and in the winter it is colder than the 
Kingston KTA-G4133 512 512MB Module. Top-rated memory at a good price. Very easy to install by following instructions included--up and running within 10 minutes.  
Video Anywhere You Go... This is nearly the best thing since pre-sliced bagels. I bought this after I purchased another unit from Yahoo before I came upon this little jewel.What 
Well designed product. Somebody was thinking when they designed this adapter. The plug that works for either style cassete player, the one where the small end of the cassete goes 
Singing Disc. If you need CD-R Verbatim should be your first and only choice  
Works well, with a little technical know how. Hi. I purchased this Mini SD card for my phone and right out of the packing I ran into problems with the 
Best FRS GMRS radio I ve ever had and I have had them all !!. I bought and received a set of the GTX500 radios 9with VP4 accessories: rechargable Bat 
Great system for unbelievable price. I decided to invest in a home theater system mainly because I wanted to improve the sound of my Optoma digital DVD projector. That device 
Innovative. Ergonomic design, easy to install and operate. Slight lag of the cursor movement to actual hand movement. Overall excellen  
Sony CDPCX355 300-Disc MegaStorage CD Changer. This is a wonderful machine. I really enjoy it because I am able to listen to so many CD s. Also I like the 
Works Great. Got it working with very little effort and it connects much better than my previous solution  
Flash button? YES there is one. I m not sure if the previous reviewer has a different model or not but there is indeed a flash button. Once you are 
Good, cheap solution for a midi port. Driver installation was a bit confusing, but got it up and running without too much trouble. Seems to be working just fine, no 
Great for swimming. Works really well, earbuds designed to not fall out and are very comfortable in the water. Sound quality is great in the water. Only downfall is the 
Great replacement for OEM battery. The rechargeable battery that came with our S500 camera had been slowly deteriorating over some time, but it really became evident when we tried taking 
Received the correct SD card. Since there is this issue of people getting the wrong card, I just wanted to say Amazon did send the correct card.I have a Nikon 
awesome. This case makes my macbook look super cool. I get tons of compliments every day  
enjoyable. This was a gift for my daughter and she enjoys it very much. I even bought one for her boyfriend. Highly reccomend  
Great find. Had needed a good looking shelf to place a satellite rec. on and this looks great with the LCD TV mounted on the wall. Perfect for this use. 
Bought em Blind. I replaced an OLDER pair of Advent Maestro floor standing speakers. Over the years the foam surrounds on the woofers disappeared completely so much so that when 
Love this phone!. We love this phone. I didn t really know much about it before I bought it, I just needed a new phone. When I unpacked it and 
Excellent TV and Experience. This is the first review I have ever written.First of all, I was struggling with having such a large, expensive and seemingly fragile purchase shipped to 
It makes a beautiful book... I saw the ad for this in a magazine and decided to try it for a Father s Day gift. The software takes up a 
Toshiba DVD player. Nice little set. A bit heavy for transporting, and deep picture tube - but clear pictures, plays smoothly. Will be curious to see how durable it is. 
Excellent addition for your XM. I bought this home kit for my daughter for a Christmas present, but I ve owned one for several years. The antenna works great, and 
Great product. I have only gotten the chance to use the armband a few times, however, I have noticed no serious problems. Depending on how much you perspire, may be 
Creative Sound quality with some HFE problems. I have used the Zen Micro 6GB for about 4-5 months now and I am satisfied with the product. There is a lot 
Worth the money. I debated a long time on whether or not I should buy the product. I decided to get it and I m 100 percent glad I did. 
Finally Just What I wanted. I ve had a magellan map 330 for forever, and I wanted a color screen, a gps that stayed on the road not 100 feet 
Does exactly what is says it does!. I am delighted with the Universal Power Supply that I bought from Amazon.com. It arrived when Amazon said it would and it works 
It takes patience... As a person with no experience using these types of earbuds, it took a while to get the hang of it.When I first put them on, the 
Great Product. It was up and running in 15 minutes. Had to order WiFi adapter to get program updates - got it and it installed automatically. I would buy it 
A wonderful unit. I researched what was the best 5 disc changer and this has all the needed features. Continues to get high marks from various consumer groups. Sometimes I 
Wonderful Small Office Machine. Purchased this machine to replace 3 older machines in my home office. The printer is crisp and fast. Setup was easy. Even the network access was 
I LOVE THESE CASES!!!!. these cases are amazing!! i love them!! if i ever need to replace one of my dvds i always buy Memorex DVD Storage Cases. there the 
Great HDMI switch. This unit is very small, works great as a switch. I m using it with a DirecTV HDTiVo and an upscaling DVD player. It outputs up to 
good. am happy with the drive - the retractable design is good. using it with my Xp and 2000 machines. Did not have to use the software in the CD. 
Good. I thought this back is just black and normal design.However, My friend said it look good.and this back is strong and capacity is really big.I did not find any 
Solid 4 out of 5. I got this phone because I thought it looked cool and thought it would be interesting to have a phone talking that you talk into 
Easy To Use - Time Saver. I like this product very much. The install and use of the CardScan Executive 700 couldn t be easier, and it saves so much 
Amazed at the sound!. I cannot believe the large sound from this tiny speaker. I love the flexibility of it and the sound is SO MUCH better than my everex 
Stars need energy. The perennial favorite Brother 1240HL works hard for the modest price that fetches one of these machines. One of the most important reasons I originally decided to 
Dog-gone Good Radio. Bought this CB about a month ago. Works like a dream and buries anything else I ve tried. Bought an antenna that picks up weather-band to go 
Jewel. iRiver has a customer for life. The T10 body is perfect for the gym with an armband.  
Overly critical reviews are not justified. I bought one... Just bought 2 more. This DVD player is a gem for the money. I m on a very busy schedule so 
Excellent cable. I mean how can you go wrong with a cable if you get the right one? I mean really?I have the Garmin GPSMAP60C. An excellent gps. Skip the 
Two way radio. The grandkids love it for talking to us from their play house in the back yard. We like it when communicating from the fuse box at one 
Skullcandy. Item shipped fast and in perfect condition..........the product is of very high quality and will be used for many years.  
old standby. This is about the only mouse I buy, have gone through a couple of them in the past few years. I just can t see spending alot of 
Great Device!. I work as a journalist and I love this little handheld recording stick. I ve managed to integrate it with the voice recognition software that comes with the 
My Best Buy of the month. The price was right, the product met my needs and its claims. Delivery was on time. What more can be asked for  
Unlike other USB Hubs. This is very well designed. It give you 4 USB Port but two on opposite sides. This is very clever becase you have plug in devices 
Fall in love with your old record collection again... In the 1980s I gave away much of my record collection to thrift shops, thinking that CDs were the way to 
Best thing i got for my 5yr. old this Christmas!!. Great item!! My son loves it!! The dvd player is great for all his movies in the car, and then 
Very fast card, good price. Faster to write than read but faster than any card I ve used so far  
Great 2 in 1 Package. Works Great and is perfect for online gaming and wireless networking with your laptop. Has a 380 ft wireless range!!  
I love that you don t need batteries! light strength not really bright though. I think this flashlight is worth every penny, but before you buy keep in mind the 
Better than the first shuffle. I bought the first shuffle when they first came out and was reluctant to buy a new one - even though it was cute and 
genuine Epson. Received ink array very quickly - it s the genuine Epson ink my copier won t accept anything but-- . Happy to have found this seller  
UPS works great. This unit set up great. I am using it to backup my DVR and HDTV box. These components wipe out various settings whenever there is the slightest 
If you can t buy a Component Cable, this it s a good option... If you don t want to pay about 80 bucks or more for one of the 
Great case. This case fits my 4G U2 iPod not video perfectly and comes with a variety of carrying options: the armband, built-in belt-clip, a neck-loop with quick-release, and a 
Lexmark 10N0026 Color Inkjet Cartridge for the Z13, Z23, and Z33. product as promised. Longer shipping then thought but timely manner. Still good response  
The best on the Market. These DVD pages are the best I have seen. The great thing about them is that the cover of the DVD will fit in the 
APC RS1500 vs XS1500 . Note that the RS is the version vs the XS that is expandable with the BR24BP battery pack. I ve got two of the RS1500s, 
Great little clock radio. It is so hard to find a decent sounding clock radio. This one fits the bill! Full rich sound with a built in rear firing subwoofer 
Nice looking protective case. The case was a perfect fit for my Sansa M230 player. The pink case covered the blue color of my player. The case is thick and 
Love this product. This product is perfect for anyone who has a thumb drive but no lanyard or other item already attached to it. I could not find anything like 
Good Quality, Reasonable price. I have only had this product for about a month, but so far it has been good. Great amount of memory for the price. I have 
It s great. I had the Garmin GPS for a few weeks now. I love it, i can track my miles without now problems. I run different roads all the 
IPOD AC DC Charger Adaptor. Functionally, this works fine. Compact design, AC plug folds in for a smooth case, easy to pack, hard to damage, and since there is no 
Samsung LNS2651D. I have had the TV for a week or two, and it s working out great. The picture is really clear, and the surrround sound works great. The 
Works with DVD Recorders, too!. I was about to retire an old standalone DVD recorder, because it would no longer let me create menus or finalize discs. I bought this 
Great little player. Great portability, Good picture for the price. I like the fact that I can plug this player into any TV and play DVD s and also take 
a few flaws but still the best STEREO table radio available. I m a big fan of Tivoli products as I own several and specifically two of the Model 2 
Best Ever. This phone works exactly as advertised, no problems with volume or clarity. Lots of excellent features and easy to use. And if you bother to read the instruction 
DVD got better. I have a Sony 36&quot; Vega and a Sony DVD player that were hooked up with RCA cables. I got a nature DVD and it was pretty 
Good performance for 150; but cheaply made in China . I ve owned many Sony electronics in the past and have always liked their styling and functionality -- lots of 
Great sound, and A STEAL!!!. I bought these to use with my Samsung Z5 mp3 player. While the packaged earbuds were good, the sound was just drowning in bass. I 
Get s the job done. I needed this keypad for work while traveling and it gets the job done. It s small, lightweight, and connected without issue.The keys are smaller 
Great piece of product on the go. Overall, it is great. I use the friction mount on a Toyota Sienna 2005 and the unit does not move at all. Most 
Everyone should own one. I purchased this unit due to frequent blackouts in my area and 2 power supplies going bad. It will run my cable modem, router, PC, and 
great gadget. We love this tuner, and the kids have had funfinding out what key different sounds make.They change their voice, tap on things withpencils, etc.  
No problems with the camera, despite an unusual application. Fortunately, I m not having any of the problems others have listed, such as network dropouts, item DOA, or initial network 
Creative does a great job this time. I ve been a Turtle Beach lover because I m not a audiophile need most the best quality but can t bear with 
Good but Sluggish. I love my tooldial and its software. My only complaint is that you must have a very large proccessor to run it effectively. I frequently find that 
Great product. Admittedly, I am not an audiophile, but these buds have a sound quality and comfort beyond anything I ve ever owned. For 20 bucks,I think it is a 
a low priced performer. I ordered these speakers based on Polk s fine reputation and the crazy low price...I wasn t disapointed at all--in fact was astounded at how good 
I also recommend this paper. I also have used this paper for making family calendars this Christmas and found the quality excellent. It is not easy to find in stores 
Same SD card as all the others. Great Price. I bought this for my son s MP3 player and it works great. No problems and no speed issues. Great Price... 
Great cost performance. This is a great product and price is fair.It has everything I wanted: 5 disc changer, sleep, clock, timer so you can use it as an alarm 
i no longer see my husband!. I will not get as technical as most of the other reviews out there, but I can tell you that after much research, reading 
Very Satisfied with the 2200T. This is my first GPS unit I ve ever had and did a quite a bit of research prior to buying, including reading the opinions 
Incredible Picture - Super Easy Installation. I just ordered, but do not yet have my 1080p Sony Bravia XPR2 tv and my Dish Network HD package. So what I am 
StarTech Low Profile FireWire Card. I m as low tech as they come. I needed a firewire port so I could upload from my digital video camera. I had no 
15.4 Laptop Case. Excellent item for the price. Very durable with alot of compartments.  
4 1 2 Durable and Inexpensive!. Main Points:I used this calculator for over 10 years before it finally stopped working, and I treated it fairly roughly e.g.,coffe spills . I 
home kit Sportster. Good product. sounds good provided you have a window in recommended direction for your area of country and not too many obstructions to sky-under eaves,higher houses etc. 
Good Buy, Clean Signal. This model replaced my Monster 2GHz splitter, which cost twice the price, and my cable company s cheapo 3-way. As soon as I connected the AR, 
Cool Router for Gaming and Internet Phoning. This seems to be a great router! It was easy to set up initially, with enough bells and whistles for savvy people to 
Reviews Were Helpful -- Item As Expected -- Worth the Price. I ordered on the basis of most of the reviews. The headphones worked well on the airplane and, since 
Good Phone. There are very few wired two line telephones left on the market.We like this one for the following reasons:-Large, easty to see buttons.-Easy to read display with brightness 
LOVE IT!!. I bought this for one of my boys for Christmas and it was quickly assumed by the whole family of six! We use it almost every night for 
cleans like a charm!. My CD player was very dusty and it would not play very clearly. I used this product and it helped greatly  
Perfect!. I hate touchpads. Considering I m a graphic designer, I have a definite NEED for a mouse, and, I often do things where I need to hold down a 
Garmin Street Pilot 2820. I ve had the 2820 for a month now and have taken several trips, some where I ve known the route and a few where we 
Great Clean Bass Small pretty package. I had just bought a Yamaha HTR 5990 and decided I needed a real powered Sub to go with it without going too crazy. 
100 Compatible With Vista s Media Center. Strengths: FAST channel switching, Vista compatible, Remote works with Media Center, Dual tuners for analog and ATSC contentCons: No HDMI input, Card is 
Maybe it s only me... But I love these cases. I have had no problems with them yet. They snap closed, stay closed and are fairly sturdy. Granted, I do 
Great Book Holder. I read the other reviews on this bookholder and wasn t so sure about it. However, after buying and trying it out, I have no regrets. Don 
Recommended. I bought this to hang my 15 LCD on the wall of my home office. This is a great product. Very good instructions, all necesary installation hardware is included 
Product works very well. I use this item with a T60P docking station connected to PS 2 style KVM with no problems.  
Sony CFD-ZW755 Portable CD Cassette Radio Boombox with Detachable Speakers. They are just fin  
Just as advertised. Unlike the leather product offered by Targus. this one actually has enough room to hold the keyboard and a PDA. I own a Jornada 568 and it 
Works great... even with Linux Slackware 10.1 . This monitor worked great right out of the box. Simply connect the cables and off you go. I have it interfaced through 
newbie. I m new to webcams and have found it both easy and enjoyable to use the VX1000. It installed quickly without disruption to my laptop, provides clear images, and 
Experenced Portable DVD shopper. Hey there this was my 13th portable dvd player I buy one every other month or so, after they get a lil scratched I sell them. 
Green Laser Review. I gave one to my son who is a math teacher and he hasn t put it down since Christmas. The green laser is visible when pointed 
GREAT VALUE.... GREAT PRODUCT. Easy to use, full featured copier offers excellent copy quality along with a wide variety of features stock thru-put, speed, copy by-pass, etc. This is exceeded 
Amazing Headphones!: . This is one of the best headphones i have ever used before. On what my friends sayGreat BassGreat Sound better than my crappy mirai headphones Cheap Price 
Happy but with a twist. Very happy with the product - works where my previous G wirless card could not. Easy to install. However, the Belkin software tool interfered with 
Amazingly easy and dummy proof. I m a little surprised at the average low rating this product has received from other users. Currently I m running an AMD64 3500 with 
Cool 5.1 Surronud Sound!!!. I bought this speaker to complete my 5.1 Surround Sound. I must say that I did notice something lack before I baught this speaker and now 
Awesome for the price. I would love to hear how these compare side by side with Bose or some other costly set of headphones. Just plug these into a USB 
The Best. Even though it is expensve, it is a palm pilot. You can plug it in via USB. It is a good PDA  
Comfortable, good-looking, not enough bass. The Good:These headphones are the most comfortable to wear that I have ever tried. They aren t too tight and the materails aren t too 
Effective but Limited in use. Both items worked well. The light is sufficiently bright to light up a keyboard effectively, while not too glaring, and the fan worked silently with 
A TV with more options than you probably need. the LNS4096 is a good tv - but the extra options that they provide you may not really be all that 
Confortable and sized Backpack. It isn t a big Backpack but have enough space for my Gateway nx860xl 17 and accesories and for some books. I m happy with this 
Fast scanner, but cumbersome to use. I have been using this scanner for several months to scan my statements, bills and misc documents at home. I had to stop using 
Great TV. We were looking for a cheaper TV. I searched online and made a list of 3-4 possibilities and checked them out at my local Best Buy. This won 
Great Item at a Great Price. The title says it all. it s a great item. It does what is supposed to do, regular speed not to fast, but that 
Almost Perfect iPod Case. This case works well. The only thing I have against it is the belt clip. I don t like the way it attaches to the case 
Samsung SyncMaster 214T. I ve used the 213T before and wanted to match that display and the 214T is a much better monitor for the price, clear with great colors, 
Can not Live Without it. I originally had a DirecTV Tivo unit 4 years ago which I liked very much. I switched to Cox cable and then back to DirecTV 
Great Unit. Big Time upgrade from Roadie 2. Very happy with features and Remote comes in handy  
My Creative Zen and my experience ordering. I absolutely love the mp3 player! It s everything I wanted and then some! I couldn t be more pleased! It was shipped 
Excellent Product Impressive Sound Quality Very Nice Display. Comparing features of this product line by line with others similar units. I can say that the most important or remarkable are:a 
Creative Sound quality with some HFE problems. I have used the Zen Micro 6GB for about 4-5 months now and I am satisfied with the product. There is a lot 
Great looking case. I have bought several of these cases at Best Buy 26.99 there , and really like the look. They are not as skinny as they appear in 
Great Table for Either TV or Stereo Equipment. Purchased item for small flat screen tv and stereo equipment. It worked great considering the small space I had available. Easy to 
Love it. I bought this for my kids to use with Nascar Racing. Controls are easily reprogramable. Nice product for the money  
Awsome. I recently bought this Fighter Stick and it was worth every cent. IL-2 runs great on it and Microsoft 2004, Lock On and other games I have. I have 
good product. good product and efficiently handled. the only thing that happened was it was sent via UPS who merely dropped it on the porch and left. no knock to 
Cobra HH38WXST Hand Held CB. The Cobra HH38WXT Hand Held CB is a high quality, light weight, well designed unit that performs as the manufacturer stated. It is also small 
Still the best on the market IMOP. I have this modem on my own network and it works perfectly. For my mom and dads new setup I purchased this for 
Good Fan. This fan has worked great in my system. It has helped the internal tempature of the case  
Product desciption could be more specific. I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you must plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m 
Good cable. This is a well made cable, as most Monster brand products are, and did everything I needed it to do and did it well. Besides just wishing I 
Great entry-level in-Dash DVD Player... I am not the type of guy who invests half or even more his paycheck on pimpin his ride . That said, plus the fact 
Excellent case at a great price, and it comes with a shoe wallet!. This convenient case is designed to house your second generation iPod nano with the Nike iPod receiver 
great little printer. This printer is very portable and prints quality pictures on-the-go. I ve taken it to work and can take a picture and print it out in a 
What s not to like?. The ergonomics of the handset is good, the base is a nice, small footprint, and at 900 MHz. there s no interference with wireless routers. 
Great mouse. I love this mouse. The small size makes it very easy to pack into a bag for travel, and also makes it easier for me to control. I 
Pretty Good, Don t Skimp on the Repair Paste. I ve been looking for a way to fix the DVDs our toddler enjoys . Obviously he shouldn t handle them, 
Love it. This is great, especially when I am walking. I love listening to the music I want  
Good Work horse unit. Good CD player. Use it in office. Plays all day 5 days a week. We ve used up 3 in six years. It is a great 
A good little popper. My wife and I recieved one of these as a gift. We are using it in our home theater. It works great and makes excellent popcorn 
MY GUIDE DOG. GETS ME THERE EVERY TIME HAS A COUPLE OF QUIRKS BUT YOU GET ADJUSTED REAL QUICK ONCE YOU LEARN HOW TO NAVIGATE THE WINDOWS. MY WIFES BUILT 
Good Radio with that price. Pro-good reception. I used it in the bus.Con-Don t have pre-station saving feature. Don t have lock button function therefore buttons are easy touched.Delivery is 
FAST SERVICE. The ink arrived within a few days. This is a trusted company. Thank you. It was just as you have advertised it to be  
DataVac better than first review indicated. Despite the critique in the first review, I did purchase this item and found that it works better than indicated in the existing review. 
mdsje480. i love this thing.never understood why minidisc never took off in thr usa.i think the sound quality is better than i-pod.too bad they dont have a hi-md for the 
Perfect Low Cost Item for Hiding all of Your Stereo Equipment. I recently purchased a plasma TV and wanted to find a way to hide all the messy stereo equipment 
Great speakers for a small space. I purchased this speaker system because I wanted something small and unobtrusive. It has more than met my expectations  
Self Preservation. I have been into music for a long time. I got these CDs so that I could preserve the music that I recorded when I was 8 years 
Apple delivers once again!. Apple, once again, delivers yet another fantastic product. After doing my research to find a 3rd party wirless unit, I found I had no choice but 
Works with Mac OS X. This adapter works with Mac OS X, version 10.4, with a driver available from Ralink Technologies. I have tried this on both a Power PC 
Great!!. I have some coasters.. But not from the disks.. There were some problems with backing up copies of my kids movies... Scratchy scratchy.. There are lots of new write 
Works Flawlessly. The FireWire to Dock cable is not an exciting product but it opens up many possibilities.- Connecting to a second Dock- For connecting your iPod to another computer 
Excellent Speakers. I had a chance to listen to these little speakers at a friend s house and I liked them very much. They had distinctive high ends that could 
excllent product at a great price. perfectly fits my 15 inch hp dv6000. very nicely padded. I highly recommended this product.wish it had some straps for easy carrying.  
Burns right every time. Memorex DVD R s are the best. Price keeps dropping and never have a problem  
Good Upconverting Player. I am very pleased with this Panasonic unit and the only reason I didn t give it 5 stars was because I had nothing to compare it 
Simple yet effective. This seemingly simple piece of molded plastic was recommended to me by a professional photographer. Basically it s the shape of an open box that slides firmly 
Solid card. A must have size. I bought 2 of these cards and use them in my Treo. I can fit several movies and tv shows on each card which 
Seamless integration. The interface works well, I don t have any problems navigating through my IPOD menu, though it is different. I do wish that the song ID would pop 
The Best One Out There. I should have wrote this early. I bought this 5 years a go from bestbuy and still can t believe it is selling. I had 
Good for vocals only!. The first rule of microphones is that, No one microphone is perfect for every purpose. Rule two is, Experiment with different mics in different applications to 
Best choice so far for limited storage space. pro:holds disc firmly when fully seatedstore disks in 1 4 the normal space!good price for a small packcon:some were hard to open, 
Excellent Sound. I was looking for a cable that would allow me to go from my new iPod Video s proprietary output jack to my Mini Cooper s line in 
Excelente. Justo lo que necesito, ya he trabajado bastante con este pendrive DataTraveler y no me ha fallado para nada.El uso que le doy es muy simple, nada de complejidades. 
GREAT CASE!!!. I bought this case for my 80 Gig 5.5 Gen video iPod and it is everything I hoped for. I like the rubber around the edges in case 
special edition ipod. Different, unique, great for someone that wants that special touch in a great produc  
Ear buds that finally stay in. Being 6 6 tall and 240 lbs. I have had a hard time buying ear buds that worked for me. I ran across Sennheiser 
Navman is great. I ve had my Navman GPS only for about a month now but it is a great product so far. The only thing I didnt like was 
Always the best sound for the money. You know why you don t see Bose reviewed in audiophile mags? Because they sound better than speakers costing many times as much 
radio review. I bought 2. One of them gets used everyday for work and has been most helpful and is working fine. The other was purchased for trips and boating. 
High Quality Low Price. As an owner of five of these cables that are hooked up to my sound system, I thought I d write a quick review for two 
Good, could use some UI help. Excellent MP3 player, plays OGG files fine, displays pictures nicely, and videos, too, if you need to watch them on such a small screen. 
works extremely well on both Mac and PC setup - using latest firmware. The Logitech Harmony RF Wireless Extender allows your RF-equipped Harmony Remote the 890, 895 or new 1000 
Kingston 1GB SD Card Review. Great value for your money. Kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product.  
Excellent Product. I purchased this for my Dell laptop. At first I was debating whether I should use this as I do not have a High-end PC. It took almost 
Just what the doctor ordered. Outstanding item. Plenty of room to carry dvds. Enough padding to protect the player, but not too bulky  
There is some cloudiness- not noticeable in broad daylight. There is some cloudiness in the lcd screen...if you cannot see it, chances are you didn t notice it...try watching the 
good product, good price. good product but the levels on the product cannot be utilized as they are not dependable. That said, I would still purchase the product again and 
Exactly What I Wanted. This is a very reasonably priced item that does exactly what it is supposed to. I use it when traveling so I don t have to 
A really great mouse!. I m a grad student and use a laptop every day at school. I got this little mouse at Staples over 2 years ago and it 
Excellent in my house. I m not sure why the other reviewers had such trouble with bass response. I placed both speakers about six feet apart and about a foot 
great for your lap top. i sit on a large chair using this product to hold my lap top. it is light, sturdy and keeps my lap and lap top 
This is a great remote!!! Better than Harmony!!!. This is a wonderful remote that you can get to function exactly as you want it to. It learns any key you 
since I was a kid. I haven t had a good shortwave radio since I was a kid. Since then I also have become an Electrical Engineer and have been 
outstanding quality for the price!. There might be better cameras on the market, which cost much more, but for the price the Imwebcam is great. The picture us sharp and 
Unlike other USB Hubs. This is very well designed. It give you 4 USB Port but two on opposite sides. This is very clever becase you have plug in devices 
Easy installation. I tried Linksys wireless print server first and found after several hours with their customer service reps that it is not compatible with my Belkin wireless setup. The 
a new way to capture meeting notes, etc. this review is probably a bit premature. have only used it for 6 or 8 sheets of paper. it s not perfect, 
Awesome Set!!!. This plasma set is one of the best rated in the 42 category by most of the plasma sites.Love the twin HDMI connectors, which I use to connect 
Chill Pad. Arrived on time and in excellant condition. It works very well, my laptop is much more comfortable to use  
Pricey, but worth it. This radio has 3 things that make it outshine other brands I tried: 1 it has very good audio for its size, 2 it looks great, 
I M SATISFIED. I RECEIVED MY PACKAGE IN WHAT SEAMED LIKE A TIMELY MANNER. EVERYTHING WAS IN THE PACKAGE AS PROMISED, ALTHOUGH THE SLEEVE FOR THE IPOD NANO WAS OFF 
Great TV - Terrible Delivery from Electronics Expo. I ordered this TV from Electronics Expo, while I got a good price, the whole process was an absolute nightmare. TV is 
Good product with some caveats. It came with no printed instructions except for insert cd, cross fingers. Fortunately, the cd contains a pdf version of the manual, so I did 
Good sound, bad earpiece. The earphones have a good sound quality but they drop out of my ear no matter the size of the earpiece. After two days I was 
Great Value. After looking around in the local big box stores and finding outrageous prices I was very pleased to purchase this HDMI cable at a fraction of the cost. 
CD Player. Good sound . The controls are not well labeled, but are positioned in good order, giving easy access  
Great for the money. I am very happy with my purchase. The Ipod is so expensive and not nearly as efficient. My sister has one and I have 3 times 
Great Switch. This is one of the better switches I have owed. The auto uplink works great. I accidently plugged in a cross over to one of my computers and 
Just arrived! Looks great!. I got this pack on a popular on line auction site for 27 plus 15 shipping. I read the reviews here and checked out photos. This 
Amazing Bass, Treble is very good. I m thrilled with my purchase of these great headphones. I have been searching around for months to decide on the right purchase it 
Awesome CB. ive owned a couple CB s and this is definitely one of the better ones the only ones that are better are substancially more expensive . works great 
another great LaCie drive. This is my third LaCie drive the others are the lego-looking ones that I think they stopped making and my favorite because it is virtually silent, 
Excellent LCD. First, I would like to say there are only minor reasons I didn t give this set 5 stars, but most I knew before the purchase so that 
It works. The radio signal is not very strong. So if there is bad weather or such you get a very broken signal. Also, you have to turn your radio 
I just love it. I recently bought a new laptop with AMD Dual Core processor, and i was curious as to how hot my new system was running.I downloaded a 
review for Sony CMT-NEZ3 Micro component system. The unit was satisfying as advirtised in all ways.I thought the the max volume limitation at peak was not as close to what 
FIRST LCD TV AWESOME DEAL A . I did alot of research before deciding of this samsung tv from Amazon. You will not find a better LCD TV for this 
This item is nice and cheap. This printer s condition is great, and the shipping is fast  
Well-designed, and it works fine for me. I m very pleased with this remote control. The instruction manual was good, and I programmed this to control my Panasonic VCR, Panasonic 
It s All In A Name. When they called the company Ultimate Ears, they got it 100 percent correct. I have had so many headphones and earphones that were bad, 
Plug and play for technology that is a category killer. I have been looking for some time for phone access to the internet that didn t require that I leave 
Great maps, poor backward compatibility. National Geographic topo maps are great if your understand their strengths and limitations I have the Nevada version but they all work the same . 
NEC ND3550A. Very easy to install, I m not very hardware literate. I have used it to copy music with the cd-r and movies with dvd-r so far no coasters. 
Great for the price. I found the Sony CFD-S350 CD on Amazon and compared it to a couple of other models. I have always had good experiences with Sony products 
Good Product from Crutchfield. I have been using this product for about a month now, and it works great. I have not experienced any intermittant volume decrease as I have 
Overly critical reviews are not justified. I bought one... Just bought 2 more. This DVD player is a gem for the money. I m on a very busy schedule so 
Very solid monitor. Great monitor, good resolution, nice subtle bezel. Only drawbacks are a little backlight bleed on the top and bottom. Not a big deal, doesn t bother me, 
the only portable music video player to get!. i bought this after purchasing both an ipod and a toshiba gigabeat and then returning both.the ipod was kinda cute and it 
Does the job. It s a simple device, so there s not to say about it other than it does the job. You should note that the LEDs on the 
Nice Utility. Survives wear and tear well. If it s put on a slick surface it sticks and can even be pulled off and reused if you re careful. Great 
Amazing sound, Incredible Price. These speakers sound amazing and there offered at an incredible price. The sound is clear and clean and they can handle a lot of volume. The 
For What We Use These Batteries For; They Are AA OK!. AA Batteries sure come in handy around here. We have seven battery operated clocks and all seven use AA 
A Very Cool Product. The battery problem mentioned in other reviews has been resolved with the new firmware update. If you buy this, be sure to update the firmware--an easy 
Spare backplates available!. To answer the review on 10 19 05 with later update on 6 8 06 : the Big Typhoon s backplates i.e. the spare H-clip kits are 
SONY Mini Disc. The Mini Disc format lost out to inferior CDs, just because CDs came first. MD is a far superior format to any other consumer format available today. 
Excellent Card for the price!. Graphics are Very Good.Easy to InstallGreat Performance  
Older kid. The walkman is easy to use with enough memory for my meager uses. The sound is excellent, but I use an older set of Sony head phones rather 
Sansa m240. I bought the Sansa M240 two months ago and am quite happy with it. It s light-weight, holds plenty of media I have yet to fill it up 
Primo Copier. My only purpose in buying the mfc7420 was to replace our antiquated copier. Some time I may hook it up as a printer and or fax but haven 
Works fine for all electronics goods. Its really works fine for my items as well as my son s toys. We both are happy with this  
Impressive!. We are very happy with our purchase. Just keep it oiled and it works like a champ  
A Traveller s Review. I travel overseas a lot for my job. This little power strip is compact and enables you to keep ONE adapter on the end of it 
KVM Switch. Great quality. No problems at all. I am using Microsoft Natural Keyboard w mouse Wireless. It switches between the two PCs fast and does not cause any problems 
DGS-2208 - Good solution for inexpensive gigabit. The D-Link DGS-2208 is a good solution for upgrading to inexpensive to gigabit capability. Requires that NICs be gigabit capable to take advantage 
look no further. I got them for less then 70 ..and they sound as good as any 300 outdoor speakers I have heard. Excellent value and great sound  
Filmmaker here with TONS of media. I m a filmmaker, and I m often transferring digital files music, pics, mpeg footage between Macs and PC s, in addition to sometimes 
Technology Pink = Cute!. I was looking for a small drive, which had plenty of GB, but was not too bulky. The smaller stick flash drives are so small, I 
Changing Maps. It has worked very well for me considering I have not read the manual. The one thing that took me awhile to figure out partly because my last 
Great product!. I ve had this product for well over a year now and was using it with my XP machine and am now using it with my Apple Mac 
Coby DVD-537 5.1 Channel DVD Player with Progressive Scan. I am very happy with this DVD player so far. It is nice and small which is what we were looking 
Good name, good quality, good features & great price!. Best unit by far for the money I could find. Great selection of input and outputs, but instructions could be better 
Excellent Case. I just received this case for my IPod in the mail today, and I am very pleased with it. It looks great and is very sturdy. Contrary to 
So far, so good. In my experience, all these cassette adapters are pretty much the same: They all are a very efficient and inexpensive way of playing a portable CD 
Great Boombox!. I bought this boombox to go with the Roady XT and it works great. The CD player is a plus and this boombox is the only one that 
phone review. I purchased this system for our home and so far so good! sound is clear and for the price you cant beat it, the phones are smaller than 
VERY NICE!. I have to disagree with the people who say this isn t a very good guitar.This guitar is very nice.It s very durable,but you have to be careful 
good product. The shipping was goodand the product too.thanks to amazon for your commitmentbest regardsHecto  
Good quality discs, MCC media code. No problem reading and burning on NEC 2500A. The media code is MCC which is highly rated in most media guides online albeit not 
Solid & Stable. If your looking for a good priced motherboard with stability and speed this one is hard to beat. There are newer boards out, but this chipset works 
Yes, I m a Bose Basher but I love this Wave Music System. Another life long bose basher here, and for good reason! Many years ago 1990 I bought a 
Review: AT&T E2126 - 2.4GHz Cordless Answering System with Caller ID & Call Waiting. Answering system is very easy to set up. Receiver works very well, comes with very useful 
more bang than an ipod. I must admit that I went to the store to pick up an ipod when the salesgirl asked me, what do you need it to 
HP 3050 Best value on the market. Best value for the ..You get the benefit of a laser with the cost of an inkjet. For a little more than 300 
Very good,. Great look, good design, easy to operate, sound is relatively good in term of money spent. I use the radio every day. The other function like alarm is 
Quality Product. I was looking for a laser product that was a little upscale for the quality and with a brighter image dot if possible. I did a little research 
Great product. This product works excellent. I was going o buy an audio cable to connect my Ipod to my reciever. Iseen this product at a stereo dealer and decided 
Great picture !. review the Toshiba HD-XA2 1080P Pros: Great picture, Plus it even makes regular dvd s look better. Less expensive than the Blu-ray with the same or better 
Great for the price. I had a 31 Hitachi TV for 12 years and the tube began going out. I considered a plasma TV but for the money, I decided 
Mini Power Strip. This item is perfect for the road warrior that always needs more outlets in a hotel room to plug in all the ac toys  
Great ....BUT. Pros: Great design award winning I believe ...Light Weight...USB powered..great to carry with your Laptop...I received a follow up email from the CEO to check how I felt 
Great Device !!. This is a great device, the speakers rock hard, and the volume is good, you can leave the IPOD in this forever if you want, it syncs 
STORM PROTECTION. I BOUGHT 3 RADIOS FOR MYSELF & 2 OF MY KIDS. WE LIVE IN FLORIDA AND NEED STORM WARNINGS. THE RADIO WORKS AS EXPECTED AND INCLUDES A CELL 
Good item for the price, if not used for portability. Bought this after I realized twelve years of computing equals a heck of a lot of optical disks... The sleeves 
Excellent System. We used a previous version of this system for years. This much improved system handles even the tiny wishes we had from the old system. Music on hold, 
Just what I needed. The Maxtor One Touch III performs superbly as a light weight, convenient and very portable storage device. If you re running out of room on your 
Excellent Headphone System. Excellent Headphone System.The reach is of approximately 3 meters and it is listened very well, it is also quite comfortable  
its sweet. this dvd system is sweet the sound system is off the hook its worth your Doller  
Good looks, good sound, easy to install. My wife and I had been looking for over a year for a simple sound system to install in our new dining room 
COOL!. THIS CB ROCKS! IT REACHES UP TO 15 MILES WITH MY TINY ANTENNA, VERY COMPACT STARS LOVE IT! BUT IT NOW AND EXPREIENCE THE EMOTION OF C  
Cooling achieved!. This stuff is great! Had a cooling problem with my 3.4ghz dual core Intel CPU, replaced the thermal compound with Arctic Silver 5, and realized an immediate 20 
PLAYSTATION 3. Just a note to anyone that has Playstation 3Connect your Play Station 3 to Port 5 of the switcher and it should work fine. Port 5 has been 
Does what it does well. What can you say about a well-built cord? I ve been using it for 9 months now, and it holds up well. The center of 
A very good movie and game player. My [...] girl and [...] boy both love their players. The [...]really likes the Sonic games and the ability to connect it to 
Reliable. The JumpeDrive Expression serves all of my needs as far as storing files and folders for quick transfer to another desktop or laptopThe blue LED light is as bright 
Good little TV...even with analog cable. I bought this TV to use in my bedroom. I don t have a cable box and certainly no HD in my bedroom, so 
iMac user. The product is a good value. It performed well and was fairly easy to use. I only wish it would allow importing play lists from iTunes, all text 
DEPENDABLE DVD. When I first got my Sony dvd burner I had numerous failure with burns. I tried several different brands of blanks with the same problem, big stacks of 
Good little speakers. I got these to run with a pair of JBL e60s. They are pretty good. Good price. I can t complain. Obviously they are nothing special if 
Excellent shelf. I purchased this shelf for my DVD player and mounted it up high, near the ceiling. The shelf is very stylish and looks great. The glass is nice, 
long lasting and easy to use. HP makes great printers and this cartridge provides long use and easy installation. I found after about 6 months of steady use that the 
Recommended. It is a solid little radio and has held up well through no small amount of abuse on my part. It is fairly user friendly, but could stand to 
Exactly what I wanted quickly. I ordered this product and it arrived 2 days later. It is genuine Canon ink for a great price. I will definitely buy at amazon.com 
It Works Great. The 2GB SanDisk Secure Digital SD Memory Card is the best and the price makes it bette  
Just like the last version. I ve had the older version of this mouse for years now 2 and it finally started to give out. I saw that Microsoft re-released 
Good Value. My wife loves this. It charges her nano and has awesome sound. price much better on line than in stores. Only saw the model with remote in the 
Cheap Notebook Stand. This is working out real well as a notebook stand for me. You can t beat the pric  
The envy of my collegues is worth the alone. Had mine for over half a year now, and after outstanding abuse it performs as well as the day I bought 
Isobar 6 Ultra. High quality construction, takes a combination of regular plugs and adapter bricks.Great price too.Only problem is I m now running out of outlets - should have bought 
Great turntable!. I just got this turntable the mail - it arrived in only 3 days! I am impressed with [...] shipping. It was very well packed, and I was 
speedy delivery. this product, lexmark black print cartridge is just what it says it is. this is the same i purchase in stores,however, it is a wee bit less expensive 
So Far, So Awesome. I had intended to pick up the 225 22-inch Samsung monitor after reading some good reviews. There was only one review on the 206 at the 
easy to install, works instantly. The beauty of Apple is the simplicity of their products - the Mac, the iPod, everything just works without having to consult Carl Sagan, Neil 
One of the best distortion pedals. Over the years I ve tried many distortion pedals and I could not be happier with this one! It is responsive but not overbearing. 
Highly Reccomended. Very comfortable. I have small ears and still have no problems with these guys staying on while I m working out. I m very picky about my headphones 
garmin street pilot 2820. Let me start by saying the 2820 is a complete and terrific GPS however if you already own a Garmin 2720, 2620 or any other model 
Not bad for the price. I bought the Coby for my husband for his birthday. He was using a CD player on his way to work and now he just 
Tested and Proven. For vocals in a live performance, you just can t beat the rugged, dependable accuracy of the SM58. Just wish the quality of my voice was as 
Fits well and protects. Just enough protection to avoid little dings and shocks. Otherwise allows the computer and sleeve to fit in large pocket of a travel vest eliminating the 
Works great. I have no idea how this antenna compares with others. But it gives be superb digital pictures with my new TV, it s cheap, and it s not 
Best value - awesome performance for it s price. I got this detector for my second vehicle. Even though I rarely speed above general traffic flow, speed enforcement has picked 
Worked as an adapter for my Sony LCD. I bought this hoping I could use it as an adapter for my Sony flat screen. The price was right and it 
Great Guitar!. I ordered this for my teenage daughter for Christmas and she loves it. The sound is great and the amplifier works well. For the price it plays like 
A traveling man must have ... I must admit that the Mogo mouse is all that the long pre-advertising promised. I ll never loose a mouse again.It s compact, charged 
Logitech is the best. These speakers are the best speakers I have ever heard. Well balanced between power and clarity. I recommend Logitechs Z5500  
can t give it up. We bought in to this sytem about 4 years ago and i ve never been so thrilled with a set of phones. I ve never 
GPS. Great unit. Easy to install, easy to use. has all the things wanted in an auto GPS. It can also be used on the water if you havae a 
Cheap, but what were you expecting?. When I got this thing out of the box, I couldn t believe how light the thing was. Oh, and it doesn t come 
Works Perfectly!!!. Driver loaded first time no problem, battery charged quickly, test print came out perfect, test printed a 8.5 x 11 photo, it took about a minute and came 
Works as expected. No problems at all. First time using this brand. No issues at all. Works as expected. Amazon delivery arrives in 3 days for the 3 - 5 
Sweet 16 gift for cousin. Apparently she likes the amp. I know nothing about guitar amps. So 4 stars  
From high end to bargain basement . EXCELLENT IMAGE FOR LITTLE MONEY!I bought the Infocus X2 to replace a worn out and broken 15,000.00 high end CRT projector. My budget 
A very good product no surprise from Swiss Army Assets . I bought mine a few months ago, a workmate saw it and asked me to buy one for him, 
Ideal for linguistic field work!. I am a graduate student in linguistics working with an indigenous language in Oaxaca. I brought this speaker set to Mexico with me this year 
great product. good product, good reliable company, good price. what more is there to say, really?i m using this card mostly with a pocketPC, to run my GPS software. so 
Very comfortable. Very soft. I sleep with them very comfortably.If you wash them they become difficult to reinsert  
Works great...but understand the limitations. This KVM switch works very well. It is exactly what I was looking for. I can now use one USB keyboard and one USB mouse 
Handy Stylus. This stylus is a good replacement for the standard Palm stylus that comes with the device. It snaps in place and stays put in the stylus slot until 
Amazing!. This is the best alarm clock I have ever had! We live in the mountains and the self setting mechanism still worked within 10 minutes. Two alarms and more 
Quality sound without breaking the bank. I run my DVD player via coaxial digital audio into my THX certified Logitech Z-680 speakers . The sound is crystal clear with no 
Best price for what you get. After purchasing this memory card, I realized I should have purchased it with my camera instead of waiting as long as I did. Before 
Triple Flange Sleeves are the Best!. I ve tried all the sleeves that came with the phones and these triple flange babies are the cat s meow. Much more comfortable 
Long hous of playing will be cool. Easy to set up, very acurate almost like cheating the games playing the NFS series .  
Excellent value. This worked with my iBook G4 running GarageBand and Sibelius straight out of the box. My high school students have been using it for performances and, while it 
Does what it suppose to. This is a decent product and does what it supposed to do. I ve been using it for 3 months and so far I ve 
Archos 604. This PMP is awesome. I transfered 25 movies encoded in Xvid, 400 mp3 s, and 5 gigabytes worth of digital pictures, and still have 8 gb free. The 
Quality Jewel Cases. For slim jewel cases these are quite impressive. Their durability is outstanding and actually better than I expected. Usually I have been using slim cases primarily for 
Performs as it should. Connected 4 of these to the same computer to run DNS. Till now works 24 7 for a couple of monts without any problem neither resouce 
Incredible High Def. Television, would buy it again!. I found this to be a great high definition TV, easy to operate, great picture quality, etc. Nice style. Couldn t ask 
Works good. This is a great product. I would recommend people to buy dazzle card reader. I had this for over 3 months or so. Have not have any problem. 
really cool gadget. i have a FM transmitter which works on battery but this one works better since it has electrical contact with the car since it is connected to 
Battery works great. The battery lasts a very long time. Sometimes it is left off the charger for a week and it still runs strong  
Precious little cord. Increased the usability of my ipod video multifold. Built is strong, though I have only used for couple of months, it has the apprarence of those long 
Excellent. I have used this cleaner in several different VHS players Panasonic, RCA, etc and it works fine. The person that said their VCR player was rejecting the tape may 
The Only Better Earbud Might Be........ The UE Triple.fi 10 Pro......beacuse if the 5 s are the Rolls Royce of earbuds, then the 10 s must be the Bentley s 
Great Recorder!. I have had this player for some months now and am totally delighted! I take it to class and record my lectures it has options for sound distance 
Fjui E550. By and large it is a good camera. There is one thing it won t do refurbished and that is manually focus, but since I almost never to 
Perfect Solution. The Energizer ER-P290 2.4-Vot Cordless Phone Battery was the perfect solution when my V-Tech cordless phones started acting up. Replacing the batteries took care of all my problems 
Enough about the cable already!. Let s burn this into our memory for future reference. When you buy a printer, YOU DON T GET A CABLE. This is true even 
quality product. this album holds dvds and cds. very durable and efficient. great product--very pleased with purchase  
Great hadware, software could be better. I love my new iPod. I bought this one after my 60GB iPod Photo was misplaced . I had a library of about 6,000 
GOOD PRODUCT. THE COVERAGE OF MY WIRELESS NETWORK WAS INCREASED. THE ANTENNA WAS PRETTY EASY TO INSTAL  
Good timing and product. I needed to review some cassette tapes and this product is ideal for that  
good one. I like the use of this product. i think it did solve solve the problem my computer cd dvd drive was facing which was slow reading the cds... 
Very Pleased. Works well for recording music and voice on both my laptop and dedicated CD recorder  
Nice amp. The amp appears to do a good job improving my signal strength. It feels like a well built professional amplifier unlike the junk you find in Radio Shack, 
Great, does exactly what it says, great price!. The silicone is great quality, fits the nano snugly, and the arm band is nice. Wonderful product, does what it s supposed 
Montura tv 42 . Super funcional , facil de instalar . lo recomiendo y comprando directamente a amazon ,consigues el mejor precio con el menor tiempo de entrega sin gastar 
AudioSource Amp 100 2-Channel Power Amplifier. I like this product. It s low profile and a great value. I connected a radio and cd player to it. The radio should 
Great Karaoke System. This cartridge adds 200 songs to the basic system. I has a good variety of music that I like. I highly recommend it  
Must have for every active ipod owner. The DLO Action Jacket is a must have for all Ipod owners that workout or are on the go. The armband is the 
Excellent Speaker. I use this subwoofer to augment my 7.1 system. It was easy to install, gives excellent response, and I couldn t be more pleased.  
Great product. I bought this memory card for my camera sd500. At first, I was very dispointed when I only see 1gb on my laptop. After googled around, I realized 
Jack Of All Trades, Master Of Some... It s amazing how tough it is to find boomboxes that have CD players capable of playing MP3 CD s - apparently, the 
Great assortment. This is another terrific assortment of Sharpie permanent pens, for a very good price. Try them. I m never without Sharpies, and this deal is good  
Excellent Product. If you are doing professional dictation this is the best machine for the job. Each time you stop to listen and possibly edit or continue, this machine does 
nice board. I think this is a nice board, and looks well equipped with a HD TV out component video , network card DVI and VGA outputs and sound. Unfortunately 
Very Satisfied. I ve used Brother products for several years. This is my latest acquisition. I ve printed about 3000 pages just replaced the original toner cartridge . For an 
Great Sub for the price I paid. I needed a sub for my garage, and did not want to spend more than 200. Got it on sale for well under 
Excellent monitor. Bought my second 244T. I have owned the first one for more than one year. Prices have now come down enough that this screen is a very good 
Easy to use. I buy the Micro SD for my K1 and there is no so much I can tell since I only unpackage it, install it in the phone 
Almost the best notbook bag ever. I ve had this bag for over a year, and it has held up tremedously - with one exception. The clasps on the shoulder 
Very Good Clarity. I am very pleased and impressed with this headset. It has very good clarity  
Works for me!. Setup in seconds and worked fine for me to sync a Palm Vx with a Dell Windows XP machine. Just make sure that you install the drivers 
Perfect, and Unbeatable. Great set of small speakers, which I bought for being simple travel speakers, and for the price they are incredible.The sound quality is better than many cheap 
big bang for the buck. havent had the tv very long maybe a month so far so good its on the grainy side the closer u get to it but 
Finally.... Power and Quality meet a low price. The Logitech Z5500 speaker set is one of the best deals around... You get all of the features and benefits of a 
Buy these labels!. Even if you use other labeling devices - I use Fellowes Neato - these labels are a steal at this price. The best part about these labels 
Awesome Mouse. This mouse is great for gaming and computer use.I am more accustomed to a slimmer mouse like a MX300 or a Razer Diamondback Copperhead... But when I heard 
Altec Lansing IM510. Bought this to go with a sansa E250. Great sound even thinking about purchasing the optional Bass speaker for it  
perfecto!. 5 stars! What can i say its perfectA bit of a lint magnet though.  
Reliable, neat, well worth the cost. Reliable. The button for switching from one PC to the other works without problems. Previously I had a IOGear MiniView. Pressing the switch button 
Wacom Intuos3 Tablet Review. Title: Intuos3 TabletPublisher: WacomPublish Date: UnknownISBN Model #: PTZ631WReviewer: Robert SaucierRating: 5 starsIn 1997, after buying a new top-of-the-line 450MHz Pentium II system, I splurged on 
Great 10 100 swtich!. I have had this switch for about a year, and I couldn t be more satisfied! I currently only use 9 of the 16 ports, but 
So Comfy!. This thing is so comfy to use. I just wish the rubber cladding at the bottom of the wrist rest were more grippy. I like it  
Magellan Explorist Bike Mount. The mount works well. I read elsewhere that people added velcro to make the mount more secure. I find that if you make sure the little 
Totally Secure. I got this jacket a month into having my ipod. I had to buy it because I had been using the one that comes with the ipod and 
Very pleased!. I puchased this system a few days ago and am quite pleased with its performance. The DVD playback is fantastic - you really feel the surround sound - 
Does the job; good price!. The card works well in my camera and was purchased at a good price compared to several other sources. No problems with delivery  
Great DVD media. I have burned over 100 of these in the past 6 months, I have only had 1 burn badly. Haven t found a dvd player yet that 
Works with some problem in the instruction. Works Great but the instruction are not quite correct DO NOT REMOVE ALL OF THE PREVIOUS VIDEO DRIVERS Also create a back up 
Good system. I surprised my husband with this speaker set. He really likes it for our small family room. It is clear and sounds great! He said the subwoofer is 
olevia. For this price this is an excellent TV if you have an HDTV tuner as in directtv. Picture quality is good, not excellent. viewing angle sound and menus are 
Easy to use, good price. Label making is easy with this machine and a variety of tapes. File labels and address labels are easy and the computer interface automatically sees 
What a great tv for the money!. Who needs a tuner anyway? Don t all cable digital boxes, tivo s, etc have a tuner in them? Why spend the extra 
The best and only remote you need!. This is simply the best remote you will ever need for all your infarad remotes! I have a Chinese satallite receiver that I 
great mount. great mount. put in on a samsung 50 plasma. strong and easy to assemble. presorted hardware and model specific guides are great  
Great sound easy to use. I was really surprised at how loud this radio can get. I have not had any problems with the radio and I absolutely love having 
Good cheap wireless card. Although it is based on the old 802.11b standard, it works well when web surfing. It it a little slow when transfering large files or printing, 
good but ... This case is good to safe keep your Zen-W media player, if you drop it from one meter high it still protect your Zen and set nicely 
Great system. Like the other reviews I ve seen, I have only good things to say about the Sonos ZP100 Bundle I purchased. The hardware is solidly constructed and the 
Just Because. I always feel sorry for products that are functional and whose function is so obvious and well known that nobody writes about them. Well, this split grounded cord 
i luv. A very nice clock radio , nice looking, sounds really good for it s size. Only thing is volume control is hard to turn up or down,also with 
works for me. have had this machine about 4 or 5 months now and I use it about once a week to cut up junk mail, old credit cards and 
The amazing motivator!. The Nike system has really been a good motivator for me. As a new runner, I need all the motivation and positive reinforcement I can get. The 
Good SD Card price and speed . Used this card in my Konica digital camera and it worked like a charm. Also, the read and write speeds were good  
Leadsinger LS-3222 Due Microphone for LS-3700 All-in-One Karaoke System. The microphone is a much needed addition to the KaraokeSystem if more than one person is going to sing.We like to 
CD player. Not bad so far, the only thing I probably can have used is a clip, or something to help me carry it on the walks  
Big grip, moderate benefit!. The battery grip for the K10D is helpful for some situations. It holds a back-up battery that is actually functional for the camera without being swapped 
Great product and service. This pre-amp I ordered for my turntable worked splendidly. The item was placed on back order but I still received the product in a timely fashion. 
It just works. Nothing special about it, except that it just works in my NEC laptop burner and in my Philips DVD. I am satisfied  
Indispensable Designer Artist s Tool. I have to say that after years and years of greedily drooling at the thought of getting a 9x12 Intuos tablet, I have finally purchased 
very good headphones. headphones are great for ipod or cd players volume is descent and earpieces are comforable for the person who works out and uses music for motivation . 
CardScan does what it claims. I have the CardScan Executive 700, and have used it for about a year. It works great, but I always had a couple of minor 
Ideal case for Streetpilot. This case is exactly what I was looking for. It comes with a hard cover to protect the screen, has space for the cables, and fits 
VERY good. Not the best audio quality but this thing is still comfy and sounds good. I wish the mic was attached to the phones instead of separate but it 
Pretty darn good. I purchased this for my 10 year old neice for her birthday. I liked that it was small and relatively inexpensive for a sometimes forgetful little girl. 
decent sound and cheap price. I bought this at a store near my area for around 19 and have replaced my Sony MV 150 I paid 24 for the Sony 
Parallel printer adapter. The cable arrived on time, works fine and was a great price  
Works like a charm. My wife purchased this because she is studying for the GRE and GMAT and spending a lot of time looking up words in a dictionary while 
Good value for late night tv watching... I just realized I had been using these now for about two years watching TV late at night with no problems. Original batteries 
Excellent Headphone System. Excellent Headphone System.The reach is of approximately 3 meters and it is listened very well, it is also quite comfortable  
Reliable. After burning hundreds of labels and videos, the HP LightScribe 16x DVD-R discs have proven to be reliable.Yes, the label contrast is a bit light, but this is a 
Not the best but good. The memory is not the fastest you can find. However it is reliable. Used it in desktop that I put together a couple of years 
ATI 9550 - A Capable yet low - power card. Pros - Decent performance. Very high resolution. Smooth video playback. Broad compatibility. DX9, DVI and SVHS capable. Supports Windows Vista. 
Great product. I bought this drive from PCuniverse on Amazon and I am generally happy with the service I received and product quality, I have not used it for long 
Awesome HeadPhones. These are the best portable Audio headphones I ve ever listened to. Good price als  
Brother Printers just keep going and going and going. I have nothing but praise for Brother printers and toner cartridges. I have had zero problems. No Jams and the toner 
These are the best of the clip-ons. I now own THREE different pairs of clip-on earphones: Koss, Altec-Lansing, and Sony. The Sony are the best, for these reasons:1. They position 
WOW. WOW... that sums it up! These are incredible! They are a little uncomfterable at first, but after a few days they fit like a glove. The VMSS really lets 
Perfect. It is perfect. That s all I can say. Works great and I love how the cord spins itself up with a little tug.  
Acer AL2216Wbd 22 LCD Monitor. Great Display resolutions color and picture quality as good or better that most.  
a rave and a caution. i ve had two of these drives on my mac os x system for over 6 months. they areperfect and i ve beaten the stuffing 
Sound Great. I have this pair hooked up to a Onkyo receiver and use them mainly for sound when watching sports and movies in HD on my flatscreen. Crystal clear 
THEY LOOK AND SOUND EVEN BETTER. THESE ARE THE SECOND SET I HAVE PURCHASED. I KEEP ONE AT HOME FOR MY PC AND THE SECOND SET ARE USED ON MY 
Fast Reader Writer. This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 
Outstanding quality and value!. I just received this tv today and was simply amazed. In my opinion there are four things that make this an excellent buy:1. Easy setup. The 
Sleeve MacBook Pro 15inch. Easily fits my 15 MacBook Pro with enough space in the inner pocket for a slim book or bunch of papers folders. Looks nice and feels 
Happy so far. I ordered the Cyber-Home DVD on 07 21 2006 and so far I have no problems. The quality of the picture is great. I like the fack 
Great Little and Looking Monitor Stand. This is a cute monitor stand. It is currently holding a 19 LCD Monitor with a small style 12 laptop under it. I m 
Excellent Hard Drive!. The device was purchased so that I could consolidate the contents of 9 PCs onto one drive. Only the NT systems had any difficulty in recognizing the 
C7180 Printer. I bought this printer because it does not make my home look like an office. It could ealiy pass for a piece of stereo equipment. I also really 
Close to perfect. This is the perfect little tv dvd for a little girl s room! The picture is great and Hello Kitty pops on screen for certain commands volume, 
Wireless Life Savers! Great Product!. I love these headphones. They work great with Dvd, Tv, Radio and especially my PS2. The vibration mode rocks when playing games. There is some 
Isee 360i. Great new product! Easy to use and turns my audio ipod into a portable media player. I can even use it to record my favorite tv shows. I 
Excellent value. I previously owned a Linksys router and had nothing but trouble with it. Then I upgraded to an earlier Belkin model with a lifetime warranty. It stopped working 
STRICTLY TOP OF THE LINE IN ALL RESPECTS!. If you decide to purchase the AX100U, number one on your agenda should be to make sure you have a late model 
Best Flash Drive Player Out There. The creative zen v plus is a great player overall. It is the same weight as the nano so technically you can say they 
Great notebook case. This is perfectly what I wanted. The material is not as soft as neoprene which is good for my labtop. It fits the laptop which is IBM 
Gr8 Player. Second one we bought.Still have our pdf605 from years ago!Still plays like new!Put on random repeat in morning plays like GEM!Till nite!Crank her up in the am off 
excellent sound quality. I ve had my T30 for about 6 months and have used it extensively. I bought it because it has excellent sound quality. I listen to classical 
BEST LITTLE POCKET RADIO EVER. I have had several of these types of radios including Sangean and Radio shack. This is by far the best one ever.I bought it for 
Small is Beautiful. Dont be deceived by their size, they have some decent quality for sound and the volume is loud enough for an entire drawing dining room. If you 
LCD HDTV review. We are very pleased with this TV--the clarity and color is great. I noticed the people seemed to be squashed, but I think I can change something 
Inexpensive and great for most home small office uses. I have used this label maker for all kinds of projects around the house and our homeschool classroom, and I really 
Unbeliveable card. This thing is incredible. Don t mess with any other brand I tried a cheaper card ATI from a local store and I was sorry I did . 
Very simple to use, great picture quality. I am not sure what kind of software were other users using but I have used the one available for free download online 
I Audio 60GB. Researched, bought it, rockboxed it, love it. Great sound, battery life is consistently 14hours which is a lot more than I can say for the i-pods i 
Pretty good for 99.... This radar is fine for a 99 price. My only complaint is that it does go off alot becuase of other peoples radar, more so than 
Loved it so much I purchased a second one!. I purchased this keyboard on Amazon about 2 months ago for my new HP computer. I loved it so much that 
Did what I expected. You re delusional if you think a USB port can take a drink from room temp and make it nice and cold. If you want to 
Works great for me!. My dad bought me this mic for Christmas, when I said I Needed something to record myself practicing with. I m not too savvy with this 
Good Sound. Little noise buttons. A good add on to ipod compared to other costly or cheap products. The sound is good. It is loud enought to fill a medium 
Dymo s are great - these address labels are perfect for addresses or by changing font size, for file lables that fold over. Product works exactly like ordered. I like 
A reasonably-priced, durable recorder-player for everyday use. I enjoy listening to audio books and music, but I didn t want to spend a lot on a large, fragile, sophisticated system. 
Good for the basics; had trouble programming. This is a good, cheap, basic remote that I use for my TV and DVD player. It is very ergonomic and in a 
Great capacity and high quality ink quality. This cartridge has a pretty high capacity. I ve used it with my CX6400 printer scanner copier for the past 3 weeks and 
Great for it s price class, but............ Great........I saw the Banshee on the cover of Popular Science and checked the Banshee website before ordering it from Radio Shack by mail. 
Best Product. This is by far the best accessory there is for the Archos 04 series. This is great, we use it all the time. You can watch all your 
Aluminum s the thing... 1 This cooler laptop stand does everything it claims. Within 15 minutes my laptop was reporting cooler temperatures - and better temperatures than with the plastic 
Stylish bag for Dell 700m. I m pretty picky, but this bag lived up to the various good reviews I read on Amazon. As others have said, you cannot fit 
These Cables Work Great!. I bought two of these cables, and at first I was using them with a splitter so I could hook up both speakers from a dual 
Product works great, no problems. I have had an eMap for about 4 years now. I purchased this product to replace the too small 8 MB card which could only 
New iPod. This is my fourth iPod and the eigth in my family. I was completely disappointed in the iPod photo. It was a poorly designed, low quality item. I 
Magnificent!!!. Must say that the item was better than I expected. Thanks to the seller and will buy again!!!  
Vtech 5.8 GHz phone. I purchased this phone to replace a 2.8 GHz phone as it was interfering with the wireless network. So far this phone is working allright. It 
Oppo is Wow!. We ve got a Mitsubishi 1080p 52 that s fantastic with an HD cable feed but really was a bit dissappointing with our DVD s. Read some 
Works great for whole wheat breads too. I have had this machine for a year now, and use it almost exclusively for rapid bake whole wheat breads. Every bread just 
The best so far... I bought this after I tried a pharoas BT GPS receiver w TomTom software. I can t say enough good things about the Holux 236. It 
Aunt. The player I ordered on 11 7 06 was delivered to the wrong address and never returned so I had to order another one in December. I was never 
Good functional mouse. We bought a new laptop last year as a supplement to the desktop, but found ourselves using it the laptop more and more. Using the touch pad 
What is all the fuss about??. I almost didn t purchase this CD player because of all the bad reviews it had been getting, but I decided to go for 
outstanding joystick - best I ever used. cons: The stick is right-handed ONLY.pros: Everything works well, even the 3d & throttleA big improvement over my old sidewinder 3d.I beat my 
great item - super expensive shipping. You can t beat the price on these memory cards. And they have been working fine for me. But I had a lot of 
Does exactly what it it supposed to do. I ve been wanting a product like this for a very long time. Hotel rooms never seem to have enough outlets on 
Good player. More user friendly than the X5, screen is nice and bright, sound quality is great, but needs to include a charger.  
Have to see it to believe it!. I just purchased a MoGo mouse, and I m amazed at how usable it is. I was extremely skeptical and probably wouldn t 
Panasonic SC-HT740 with wireless rear surround sound. This product works great. I really enjoy the surround sound effect. The system is great. It has plenty of power for it s 
Very nice headphones but... I enjoy these headphones quite a bit but I have stopped using the USB connection to drive them. I find that the included adapter plugged directly 
Good fit, good sound, good price. I just received these and popped em in and I m listening to MP3s on my PC. At first, one of sides was really 
Another Great Apple Invention!!. Small, cute design, pretty bright pink mettallic color and suits your music needs. Easy to use and did I mention cute? Get one!  
Best Calc You Can Get. I a physics major in college so I use my calculator a lot. Originally I had a EL-506R which I used throughout high school and 
belkin 6-outlet 550VA usb battery backup. outlets are on top of case. easy to plug in and change plug ins. narrow case width allows backup unit to fit in the 
A little confused. The MP3 player worked after reading the instructions 10 times. They could be a little more specific in the setup and use of the player but it 
great lcd tv for the price. very satisfied. product came on time. packaging was very good. installation was easy too as far as hooking up with cable tv. just had 
Great Digital Scale for Home Small Business Use. I was surprised to see that this unit accurately weighs mail and packages under 22 lb. I have used it only with 
Excellent value. Woorks just as well as much more expensive cables. Save the money and pick these up instead  
Little Mic - Great Sound. Don t let the size fool you - I don t know much about audio - yet - but I can tell you the sound 
Superb device -- but you can get it cheaper!. The exact same device is also sold as the Genius G-Note 7000. In the latter form it retails for up to 
A Christmas Gift. I assume this is fine -- it worked when I tested it before wrapping them for Christmas presents. And I was happy to find this item since 
Small &amp; AOK. I just think that this printer is the best. It prints like the big one at my work but it takes up the space of a cigar 
Nice, reliable watch. I m posting this review after 4 months of using this watch. It seems to be absolutely reliable and very solid built. It s pretty heavy and 
CyberHome ABC-01 Deluxe Portable DVD. I love this item. We bought 2 cases for our sons before we left for vacation. It can hang from the seats but they just 
Good Head phones. The Zalman Surround sound headphones give good sound quality, and are good for movies. I would suggest them if you want surround sound but not if you 
For 50 bucks how can you beat it... Using this board with a northwood pentium 4 Prescott runs too hot 3.0 ghz - overclocked to 3.2 ghz; memory clock at 
Allsop Cd Wallet. I bought this as a gift for a friend. Ordered it 2 days before his birthday and it was delivered on the day. I was quite impressed 
I d put a set in every room of my house!. This model exceeded my expectations. My Sony of almost 20 years developed wavy lines on the screen and i 
Best in dash DVD for the buck. I have owned this unit for about a week now, and it works like a charm! It has three sets of pre-outs which 
Satisfied customer. Its a great product and so compatibly. I tried several places before buying, this product and as well all the items I buy. Amazon is a good place 
C2D rocks!. the best procesor i ve ever had. I OC this baby to 3.4Ghz and i get 8500 pts on PCMark 05... and my temp was 44c.I use p5b 
Great Drive. I have been looking to upgrade my hard drive for almost two years. I had a 30 gig hard drive which is tiny to todays standards. About a 
Best by far at this price. Huge bang-for-the-buck!. Brilliant images. Highest quality. You simply cannot beat this system for the price. Also, this particular projection TV handles the non-HDTV channels 
Another Great Toshiba. Using the 20HLV86 as my new computer monitor connected to my laptop. Can watch a dvd while doing email and other idiot work. And it s big 
solid headset for the price. I use this headset for my laptop when I travel. Now if your looking for top quality sound for gaming or music, yeah.....why would u 
OK. Looks good, sounds ok. The dynamic bass boost introduces hiss but makes the sound more bassy. 4 stars for looks and price. -1 for sound quality.  
great scanner. I bought this scanner for an art project. For the price...you cant beat it! Very easy to use, convenient features. I love it  
Good Bad and Ugly. Guess you can sometimes pick a good one over hundreds of bad ones... I might say I was lucky.... or for the price this litte LCD 
Great TV at a great price!!. I did a ton of research during the last 6 months on HDTV s. After looking at several tv s side by side, I 
Perfect case for laptop!. I just got my 13 MacBook and this case is perfect! I didn t want to buy a backpack or bag JUST for my laptop, but 
Great product with minor glitch. The burner works well except when burning dual layer discs. I have colleagues that also have this problem with dual layer discs when using other 
smokin buds earphones. Good sound. Came fast. Seem to be a little softer in one ear, but I might be going deaf!! Great price though for the good sound  
Nice. It will be better if it can read more formats of VEDIO files, like rmvb, rm, flv, ..  
Great as a First MP3 Player. Very satisfied. My step-daughter 11 loves it and had no problem learning how to use it. Holds up very well.  
One of the Best Budget Minded Audiophile Cartridges Around. Who says you have to spend an x amount of hundreds even thousands of dollars on a phono cartridge to listen 
Fast and does what it should. A simple, cheap investment. This CF reader actually does what it should, i.e. transfer info from compact flash to the computer. Previous Kodak 1.0 
Excellent earphones. this little gadget is wonderful. i can turn it full blast and be in a world of my own. note if volume is at its max u won 
BUY THIS!!!!! AWESOME!. I recently purchased an Alienware computer with a Dell 30 monitor and wanted speakers to match. I wanted very loud speakers to shake the walls when I 
Does the Job... No complaints here. It is very tiny which CAN be easy to lose. Don t leave it in the car of course because of exposion to heat 
Great for those who don t want to customize!. We used this remote to program a Sony AV-RM3000 remote, but we need more flexibility for our HTPC. In hindsight, we 
Very Cool MP3. This Coby mp3 has radio, 1G of space, and can plug in as a flash drive. It looks great, and works great, and you can scroll to 
On the Contract. Just wanted to note that the contract is available at the top of this page. If you buy this service plan, print out the contract and keep 
4 mile reception!. These radios rock.I ve been reading all the reviews of different radios for sale and have seen that most radios get .5 to 1.5 mile range max.Well 
Works fine with SONY HDR-UX1. Sony does display the annoying warning message for DISC not made by SONY but it goes away in a few seconds and everything works great 
Targus TCG400. WOW! I love this bag! It has plenty of room for my laptop accessories, and it has a strong amount of padding. This bag is so super! I 
Does what it says. IT s a USB hub. All I ask is that it works. It does.  
Great value. Great monitor for the price. The monitor is very clear and has excellent resolution  
A good case... Fairly well designed and very robust case. My only complaint is that the CD pages tend to fold over down the center when you re flipping pages. 
Brother M231 Tape for lable maker. These are the same ones,That sell for @10.00--- 15.00 in the office supply stores.Charle  
zenner. I researched various MP3 players and chose Zen for recording capability, FM radio, replacable battery and format compatability. I came across complaints from people about the headphone thing, but 
Great !!. I got these to accompany my ipod use and am very very pleased.I had a simliar pair, tho not folding, with my portable philips CD player so I 
Cheap Thrills... or, you get what you pay for. At just over 30, you get a more-than-decent CD player that plays through your automobile s cassette player, instead of spending 
Exactely what I was looking for. I m very pleased with this product, the proformance, the price, and the the service delivery time. Thank you and I m looking forward 
Belkin F1UP0301 2-PORT USB Print Server. The Server has a small footprint, It was very easy to install. The installation instructions are easy to follow. After installation I was able 
Great. A real help when I forget to charge at home and am on the road.  
Suprisingly Great for its size and price. I am coming from an 8 year old AGFA SnapScan 1212u that finally gave up its life to pick up a LiDE 25 
They work great for me. Sony recommends this tape for the new HDR-HC1 High Def. video camera. I just bought the camera and a dozon of theese tapes. So far 
Great experience. I was concerned about purchasing through a third party source however everything went very well! Product arrived in great condition and very quickly. Would definitely do it again 
Nicely made, and no fan to go bad. What can I say, it seems to be the best Hard disk enclosure I ve ever purchased. I like the fact that 
Awesome and Unobtrusive. This was my first GPS system of any kind. I wasn t sure what to expect. I have a small Mazda Miata so I wanted a small-screen 
Nice cable. Seems like a high quality cable. Unfortunately I wasn t able to use it. I didn t realize my subwoofer wouldn t have y connection. Oh well. Thanks 
a useful accessory. My Garmin fits in well as do the cords and I can put the Garmin out of sight when it is not in use, lessening the chance 
Just arrived! Looks great!. I got this pack on a popular on line auction site for 27 plus 15 shipping. I read the reviews here and checked out photos. This 
Warranty of merchantability. They say it s quiet, and it holds tons of data. They were correct. Fast access speed, easy installation, an overall fine product. Have not used the 
Great deal for audio cds. I was very pleased with this product. A great deal  
Decent for the price. I got two of these. They are great for the price. They re lighter than expected which I was initially worried about but they seem to 
much needed headset. I was happy that I was able to purchse this product. I have small ears and all ear buds fall out of them. This unit is just 
Awesome!. Bought this cable to connect an iPod to a stereo receiver. The cable is a bit heavy i.e., it tends to weigh the iPod unit down and pull it 
An all inclusive phone. I have this phone and I love it. It has all the features that I can think of - Keypad on base as well, speakerphone on 
Good buy. These headphones fit snugly during long runs and work-outs. They also have great sound quality. The only down-side is that they are an unusual neon color. Oh well. 
If stealing cable is illegal, what about the internet?. I d heard about this booster from some friends, and thought it would be just the ticket to give my home 
pretty good. I have had this for about a year and it has worked well. I specifically bought it to tune into radio, so I have not used the CD 
a fabulous overclocker. Got one in Jan. 2007. Overclock it to 3.4G with default voltage for daily use. It s screaming fast and rock stable. Compared with E6300, the multiplier 
Works great. These cables seems to work fine. For the price it works great. Heavy duyt material and well made  
The Best By Far!!!!. This is one of the most expensive electronic purchases I have ever made but it was worth it!!! I don t know why so many people 
Great product. My husband and father both have this unit. It s really handy to have on road trips and to use while Geocaching. From our experience, it does take 
Help for the Hearing Impaired. This is my second SPIRA. My first was a Christmas gift from one of my daughters. I found that the speaker enabled me to listen 
Cleans Great; DVD Repairs Need more. I have this unit and it works great to clean dirty DVDs, like those bought used from Blockbuster or Hollywood Video often are. However, 
Excellent RAM. Nothing but positive review of this RAM. Runs great and makes my PC awesome!  
Sony DRU-810A. I had owned an LG burner and from the time I got it, it never worked right. I must have made 60 or 70 coasters before I decided 
Simple, easy, effective, terrific. I ve owned many supposed universal remotes over the years - they have all disappointed in one way or several. My needs were fairly simple...a device 
Great for my purposes. I wanted a small lightweight GPS with some basic navigation features at an affordable price. I ve had the Foretrex 101 for almost a year and 
Serious audio; hard to find details. If you re 16 years old you ll want an mp3 player with more memory. If you need an audio device to capture an 
Great heavy duty turntable for converting lps to MP3s. Wow is all I can say. I love my turntable to convert my old lps using Audacity free open source software 
Buy it NOW!. I m a experienced computer kinda guy 10 years I am so happy with this card, easy installation, and operation, runs LOTR BFME, AND NWN2 with only 
Great TV, great service from Amazon, good value. Have had this TV for about a week and am very pleased with it so far. Only reason I didn t give 
IH6WR iPod Dock Review. I believe that this product would be the perfect gift for any iPod person you know the type . The sound is VERY good for such 
Not a bad piece of hardware. I was given a Zune as a gift, recently. This isn t the first MP3 player I ve owned but it s the one 
Great price. As one review stated the channel changing is a little slow if you re just channel surfing but other wise the picture is great and the dvd player 
Good performance, great price. We bought two of these displays. To date they ve worked very well - especially considering the price.While this display may not be good enough for 
Memorex 512 MB Travel Drive. I will like to say that I had a Memorex 256 MB before and it never gave me one day of trouble for one year 
Sandisk Docking Station. I purchased the docking station for potability when on the beach, at the pool or camping.I had it going nonstop for 8.5 hours on the same set 
Nicest USB Hub I ve found. This is exactly what I needed to tame the mess of USB cables surrounding my PC. What I like best about it is the 
cd dvd case. It is a very good product. I have no complaints. It works as advertised. When I need another large cd dvd holder, I will purchase another case 
Great. Bought this to use with my canon sd450. Good memory, very fast, more than a year using it without any problem  
A classy product that does exactly what it needs to do. This is well designed product that fits the iPod mini perfectly, and allows it stand upright so it doesn 
Outstanding. The Remote Control signal sender was purchased to control our church s projector from the back of the church. The original remote would only work a few feet from 
Maxell always comes through. These Music CDR s are great. Apparently with the older equipment you must use the music cdr format. Other brands of music cdr s just don 
Does what it says. Great item for the price. I run several miles a week, anywhere between 20 and 30...this arm band has not failed to hold my i-pod securely 
Grandson loves it. My 15-year-old grandson recently got a Zune, which he totally loves. I bought him this travel pack. He said it is perfect. He s in England now 
Works great!. ...and stays in place! It is perfect size for my shuffle and very inexpensive compared to similar products in the store  
just a good printer. very easy to review: reliable, fast start up, fairly fast printing, no paperjams, accepts all kind op paper thickness, good print quality. And not expensive at 
high quality machine. The recorder is simple to set up and use. It is very reliable and performs flawlessly. I highly recommend this dvd recorder to anyone looking for ease 
No problems yet. This tv seems perfectly fine so far, picture and sound are good enough for my tastes. The dvd player hasn t broken yet, which I know can 
This baby rocks. Easy to setup and install. Comes with great software that s also easy to use great tutorial included and packed w functionality. It s a real time 
Excellent Product, Excellent Price, Excellent Amazon Service. I m thrilled with this littler scanner. I bought it exclusively for the OCR capability, and just scanned 5 pages of dense single-spaced 
Synch Professional Quality Audio to Video Recording. I ve used the Edirol to record sound separately from my Sanyo C40 Mpeg4 video recorder. Before I begin, I clap three times 
good for the right broadcast. After much research I decided on Panasonic because of it s reliability and picture quality. Overall picture quality and sound is excellent for the size 
Photosmart Printer. I received my printer on time and in good condition.It is working great so far.Jim Bolto  
Seems to work with basic accessories and components. I currently have two of these KVM switches one at home and one at work for switching between a desktop running WinXP 
Great product. I bought this memory card for my camera sd500. At first, I was very dispointed when I only see 1gb on my laptop. After googled around, I realized 
Excellent Product!. I m VERY happy with this armband belt clip skin for this player. The skin is easy to put on and get off, is well made, and obviously 
Does the job perfectly. I ve had this for about 5 months now and it s still working perfectly. I never use my laptop without it. It keeps the CPU 
Good product. I haven t yet had the problem of this peeling off, but I m only at about 30 days of use. Overall, it s a good product and 
Sony TCM 150 Cassette Recorder. Easy to use and a real asset for my needs  
memory card. great buy for the money. high speed is great. i was not previously familiar with this brand, but have no complaints so far. if your camera is old 
AWESOME COMBO. This baby is awesome. It plays all my videos and CD. The image is very clear and no problems setting it up. Love the combo its great. If 
great product. This phone is clear and easy to use ...have had a couple and have not been disapointe  
works with inspiron 5150. Works fine with my inspiron 5150 computer. Brought it for the extra boost needed to run windows vista business. No issues no crashes or hangs since. 
Mind blowing value!. I m using these as part of a small stereo system that includes an iPod 4G40 , a Sonic Impact 5066 amp connected to a 12V35A source 
Works fine. Expensive. DVD cases reallllly shouldn t be so expensive. I mean, there isn t much to them - just some pressed plastic to put your copied DVDs into. 
SanDisk 1 GB Extreme III CF Card ...fast. This card works flawlessly and is moving images from card to computer so much faster than any other card I have used 
Review of Sony 1 GB High Speed Memory Stick PRO Media. It is a new tool for me as a photographer and I really love it.Great speed and capacity make 
Extra fast shipping. I ordered the cam to be sent via ground service which was supposed to take 4-6 days, the cam got in in 2 days. Great!!!!  
very nice keyboard for GarageBand. I use this keyboard with GarageBand for which it is well suited. Setup was dead easy, and the keys are very comfortable  
ETON E1, A SUPER SHORTWAVE PORTABLE RADIO. The Eton [ex-Grundig] E1 portable radio is one of the very few if not the only shortwave portable available on the market today 
Great Player. I love this little player. I am on the road 4 to 5 hours a day in a vehicle with no radio. I am in and out of 
Effective but Limited in use. Both items worked well. The light is sufficiently bright to light up a keyboard effectively, while not too glaring, and the fan worked silently with 
meridian cycle bracket on MotorCycle. Purchased the mounting bracket to be used on my motorcycle. Works very well, no sweat to install and holds the GPS unit very securely. Have 
Works well. This integrated seamlessly into my old linksys router. Easy set up and good online documentation. It does not have as great a range as I expected. I am 
VERRY HAPPY. I have only had this monitor for a couple of day sbut I am verry happy with it. It came well packaged and you cant beat the price. 
Memory Small. This is a great product for those who probably don t write too much. As an engineering student, I found the incapability of this product to interpret greek 
Money well spent!. The home adapter kit is fantastic! First, it s very easy to install. Second, it doesn t take up much space. Third, it increases the funtionality of 
Very simple and solid. To set up this switch required just plugging in and it worked. Since I ve installed it, I have not had to touch it once. I 
In its day...it was on top. I have had my Handspring Visor Deluxe for 5...yes, FIVE years actually longer . While I take decent care of it, it has taken 
Sonic is Back!. Who could imagine that my Palm could be so much fun! What was once my calendar and date book has now become a replacement for my GameBoy 
So Far Very Good. I bought this for my new laptop Dell XPS M1710 . I find that it fits everything I need and then some. I have not had 
Quality Product Prompt Delivery. Received item in excellent condition and promptly. Well packed. Okay by me as a seller. Thank you very muc  
Great Security Monitoring Tool and Software. Having just purchased a Security Camera DVR all-in-one system, I am now more impressed with this Panasonic. I wanted a system that would record 
Good comfort and sound. My last pair of headphones would become painful to wear after just a few minuets. These completely fit around the ear and barely if at all 
I m enjoying it. It is a good dvd cd player. It is fully functional tilted or upright. TV reception is not bad, sometimes the picture is not completely clear 
Very positive service...first class. My Sony Bravia ordered through Amazon came through right on schedule with excellent delivery service by Eagle USA. The shipping folks were were right on it 
Good for Mtn biking. 201 works great for mtn biking--very sturdy using bike-mount extra purchase . Elevation is very accurate w WAAS turned on I compared to map survey pts 
It Serves My Purpose. Thousands of color slides taken during my sweet school days brought many wonderful memories. Unfortunately, most of them have been discolored, faded, spotted, or scratched. For 
First HDTV - Great....until the software update. I bought this TV in March of this year 2006 and it has worked perfectly until the Sony Techs came out and updated 
Easy Set-up & Fast Speeds. This PCI Adapter was extremly easy to set up and it allows for fast connection speeds. I would say that it allows for your desktop 
Time saver. Essential for keeping notes on business matters that don t need to be referenced immediately.  
Muy pero muy bueno. Muy pero muy bueno, es mejor todavia que el primer dvd que salio de esta gira  
works indoors. I tried the cheap tv top. didn t work, maybe got 1 channel badly.this works indoors getting about 6 channelsI m sure would be better the higher and 
Small Size is a Big Plus. Our square dance club has been using this remote for a couple of years now. We frequently dance to recordings off CD, and often 
Truly astonishing monitor!. I ve been a HTPC hobbyist for a few years, and the Westinghouse LVM-42W2 is far and away the best TV I ve seen for that purpose. 
Works great for me. Buying this, I was a little skeptical since there were so many people with complaints...but why not?So far I haven t had any problems, I pluged 
Very easy to use. It was a little complicated to install but I m not very technical but it is very easy to use - I have been happy with 
Works like a charm!!. All I can say is, I ll never have to worry again if I get a DVD and it freezes or skips! I recently bought my 
Great!. We looked around for an item like this for a while because we had many different purposes we wanted it to cover. I first wanted it for running. We 
Likes to blow smoke and splatter electrolyte, but still works! = . I ve had 5 of these make a popping noise, put out a bit of smoke, and eject 
Very good. I bought it as a gift for my GF. .It arrived on time and in good quality.She like it very much  
Impressive for the price. I was impressed with the quality of this camera for the price. I am currently using it as a remote baby monitor. It was cheaper than 
Excellent space-saver. After moving into a new home, I realized I just didn t have the space anymore to display all my DVDs; I would have had to eat up 
i-station for ipod shuffle. This is a great product. The sound is great and I needed something portable for my car. Don t forget to turn off the shuffle after 
Pretty Good Receiver. I bought this Receiver just to fill a desire to have basic surround sound for music and movies. In that capacity this unit works well. With it 
Good sound quality, not bulky. I used this to record a podcast and my voice sounds clear as day! No background noise, and no distortion on the recording. Its super 
Not too bad for a 6.5 . These little speakers can makes some noise for being so small. I would recomend getting some tweeters to go with em if your 
Stop Wasting Batteries. I use this AC Power Adaptor for my Sony tape recorder and it s a perfect fit. The price is right and I especially like the compact 
Needs tweeking for the 5th star. Out of the carton -- everything worked as advertized, and the sound is pleasant. The speakers are the weak link. The day after I 
great item - super expensive shipping. You can t beat the price on these memory cards. And they have been working fine for me. But I had a lot of 
Pharos Bluetooh Dock Kit. Great little device. Using the Pharos GPS without the dock as it comes from Microsoft Streets is cumbersome and a hassle. What with all of the 
Excellent iPod Contender. I d like to mention first my personal dislikes. One reviewer mentioned the user manual being thrown together. I couldn t agree more... The manual references a 
Compact flouresecent bulbs will not fit. Compact flouresecent bulbs will not fit this fixture unless you order special CF s with extended bases. Other than that, it can t be 
A must have. have had this charger for Rino 130 about 2 mos. Mud, snow, ice and it performs well. No power losses & no shorts. Must have item considering 
Great Product for Entry GPS Users. This is a compact yet fully functional product. Its tracking and route function is effective. Inputing waypoints are intuitive with a few buttons. I 
Good one. This really works & is very sturdy. The problem is the bolts they give is too heavy for light home projectors. Just get 14inch screws from Lowes & 
Perfect solution!. This lanyard is perfectly stable and secure while keeping the headphone cords in front of the user out of entanglement in limbs or clothing or luggage. Its clean, 
Lives up to expectations. Bought two of these to go with the CLX 485 in our house. Works great as a total system. The middle-aged adults in our house love 
Great Buy don t let Pic decieve you. When I was shopping for a shuffle armband there was defiantly some options that appeared to be much better than that. Until 
Great item for the price. How can you beat the price??? I bought this at Amazon.com from an Awesome Deal I found on DailyTool.com  
What can you say?. Use Canon ink with you Canon printer and you ll have no problems, just excellent pictures  
Mac Compatible. Before buying this one my main worry was that it may not be mac compatible. It was a relief to know that the XNJB solves that issue, and 
Good printing, Very poor label material!. I bought this as an occasional-use product, not wanting to spend 50 bucks for a labeler. It works pretty well -- but the included 
It just works. It took me all of about 15 minutes to install this device with very little effort. I am fairly well versed in networks, and except for a 
Great paper for enlargements!. Canon Photo Pro Paper S9000 is some of the best I ve used. Color reproduction is outstanding and I really like the thickness. It holds up 
Lots of Music choices. This Cartridge has many songs from the 60 s and the 70 s, but it would be nice to just have a cartridge of one decade 
Panasonic RQ2102 Shoe Box Recorder. Performs as advertised. Sturdy, excellent value for the price. I use it in an automobile that does not have a cassette player built in. It 
Works Great With Panasonic TV and DirecTV Receiver. I ve been using this cable for a few weeks now, and haven t had a single problem. Don t waste your 
more bang than an ipod. I must admit that I went to the store to pick up an ipod when the salesgirl asked me, what do you need it to 
Small but Powerfull. Small in size but does a good job boardcasting.I added a good ant.Wilson Little Wil.I have a 03 Nissan Altima,it fit in the storage bin on console,great 
APC BE500R Back UPS and Surge Protector. This is a great product. I bought it after losing my old computer to intermittent power one more time than I was able 
Amazing player, outstanding picture and features. I am so happy that I bought this player. The upconversion of the video is incredile, looks wonderful on my Samsung DLP HDTV. The 
Only one hang-up!. Pros: Good tone quality; large, easy to read display, CID works well, buttons large,easy to use and reasonable footprint and price.Cons: Only one: Don t laugh - 
i have worn casio watches for about 30 years. had identical watch for years so very familiar with watch. i knew what i wanted as my old one is misplaced 
Works well, but could be improved. I prefer this type of CD storage. Unlike pre-assembled CD cases, you can easily reorder your disc or add additional pages without always having 
Solid!. I wanted a case that would protect my entire video ipod. This is it! The hard plastic does not touch the ipod, only the silicone does. It s easy 
BEST Portable Satellite Radio. Overall, this is a very useful portable radio. Since this came with all the accessories for home and car also it has been easy to set 
Great Product- Only one with hiking driving GPS functions. This is a good product for the money. It is the only one on the market that does both driving and 
Top 40 for the over forty . We received the Leadsinger kit last Christmas and have really enjoyed it a lot. My family ages are: 50 year old Dad Me 
Awesome!. This product rocked my socks off. I read the reviews and the theories, but thought you needed a large external antenna to get good reception. I live in the 
Excelente Bolso. Caracteristicas que lo hacen excelente:- Espacioso.- Ligero- Protege el laptop- Duradero.Tal y como siempre se han categorizado los productos de TARGUS.EXCELENT  
very good... received product in timely manner. have been using memory card in my MDA phone for about 2 months. have had no problems whatsoever. best deal and value for 
My favorite mouse yet... So far this has been the best mouse that I ve ever owned. It is just for home use, but I love not having yet another 
Awesome!!. This was the easiest product ever. Pop SD card into computer and download songs, pop out the mini SD card and put into phone... songs play. Couldnt be easier!! 
Good. This batteries work just good, they have a very high capacity.On it s body you ll find written that the total capacity mayvary, but a minimum of 2500mAh is 
Battery Eater but Otherwise Perfect. Title says it all. Keep batteries in stock and the player works great  
An unexpected surprise. I bought the NuLOOQ product a few weeks ago with little expectation and actually with some doubts it d do anything for me, as I m a 
Case for Gigabeat 10GB 20GB. I have been happy with the case for my gigabeat so far. It makes the gigabeat a little bulkier but protects it well so it 
Transcend 4GB Ultra-Speed 120x CF. I ve only had them awhile I bought two , but am very pleased so far with them. Great price, and they perform as advertised 
Nice addition if you do a lot of photo enhancement. If you do a lot of photo retouching, the Graphire4 will give you a lot more control than a mouse. 
Works fine, but forget the rebate. This USB Flash Memory Drive works exactly as described, and I m glad I bought it. I didn t give it 5 stars because 
Just what the doctor ordered. Outstanding item. Plenty of room to carry dvds. Enough padding to protect the player, but not too bulky  
Review for WACOM. It s a great item, I m loving it. It s been veru helpful in my scrapbook photos..  
Finally! Beautiful functionality for a wide screen notebook. If you are shopping for a bag that fits the more unusual dimensions of a wide screen notebook my notebook is w16 
works great. this stereo system works wonderfully... no issues... it isn t use much, maybe once or twice a week, but no issues since i ve had i  
Great radio!!!. I did research on arm band radios and found the comments about this particular radio very helpful. I recently joined a gym and wanted to be able to 
Fast on everything with good quality. Pleasantly surprised by the photo printing speed and quality. Prints photos faster than a regular sheet of text which is also pretty fast - 
Great Deal!. This inexpensive product is less complicated and works much better than all the higher tech gadgets. I bought one for myself and for my husband, and we use 
Great Memory Card. I have not had any problems with this memory card. It is very fast when taking pictures as well as downloading them. Great Bu  
Best Buy For The Buck!. The Forerunner 101 is extremely accurate and fun to use. Verified it several times. Advantages are low cost, buy your own rechargeable batteries and don 
Fire Instructor. I just recieved this bag, it has more pockets than I have computer stuff. I have only had it for a few hrs and have already lost things, 
Music lover. The teac sx premium cd player radio is excellent, sound quality good and pleasing to look at in any locatio  
Excellent game. This is excellent game. All the family enjoys using it when playing Scrabbl  
good product. Some sort of insurance policy is always a good idea for expensive electronics, so this was a no brainer  
Best Cartridge for this printer. At about 23 lower cost per page, this is the HP cartrige of choice  
Exactly what we were hoping for... We purchased the Magellan RoadMate 800 GPS unit as a gift for a man that is not really into electronics, but is very religious 
ANSWERING MACHINE REVIEW. Works well with no problems static, lost signal, poor voice quality during the first month. Set up - particularly speed dial - is tedious. Good LOUD speaker 
Best Basic Joystick for the Price. I purchased this joystick after having not purchased a joystick for the PC since I had a gameport on my sound card. I just 
Good design. Works well, especially for anyone who still has their old console systems in use. I have my NES and SNES, both of which have huge AC adapters, plugged 
Can a Phone Get Any Cuter?. My husband bought me this phone a couple of years ago because I am a HUGE Hello Kitty fan, and it hasn t disappointed 
Great card, but slow write speed. I ve been using this card with my Canon S400 for the past 9 months and am very pleased with it. However, about a 
Great NIC. I had a different manufacturer s Gigabit NIC that just stopped working at Gigabit speed.I fought with it for a while and then realized it wasn t worth 
a lot of bang for the buck. I bought this because I recently saw a great review in CR for Yamaha...I couldn t be more pleased! This is a quality 
Great for jogging!. I bought these because I jog run walk and can t stand the headphones that you stick in your ear. These clip on the outside of my 
Has Worked Great for over a Year. I have enjoyed this player in Arizona and Mexico. It has worked flawlessly. In Mexico, I had it turned on 24 7 all 
SimpleTech 4 in one. Laptop not have a SD or Memory Stick card reader, and you are wondering about spending the extra cash to get one that does? Here s 
For the price paid..it works!. This item is light-weight plastic. I used velcro to attach it firmly to the side of my TV set so that it would not fall 
Cobra HH38WXST Hand Held CB. We have two of these, we keep one in my wife s car and the other in mine. Our main use is to monitor traffic 
Love It!. Easy to use and prints great, clear pictures. A bit expensive to print versus other options, but you get these immediately! A BIG PLUS from waiting when you 
A lot of options. I purchased this remote to replace a broken tv dvd vcr combo remote. Before buying it I checked specs of several brands and types to see 
Good Deal. Good price, good sound quality, small, portable. Perfect for when you need a bit of vynal  
Works great with Mac OS. This review was originally posted by JC for the Wireless version of this camera. I m adapting here his suggestions for the wired version.Don t 
I like this iPod so much... This iPod was great while I could use it. Then my wife took it and now I only see it when she needs me 
Strong product with weak web site. The key strength of this remote is an LCD display that uses Q&A to troubleshoot problems. For example, say one component fails to turn 
Very Good Product. I am not going to rehash what the other comments have said. Most that mention pros and cons are accurate. Here is my addition. Joystick is not 
Works fine, but looks a bit strange on the wall. I recently puchased this phone to replace an older Uniden cordless phone. I ve been overall pleased with Uniden phones 
Flat Panel TV Wall Mount. This product had easy to follow directions and so the installationof mounting my flat panel TV to the wall was a breeze. The price was 
Nice option!!!. You can work with this battery minimally four hours. It is a good option for mobile workers. It is expensive but a good option  
BEST CD CHANGER. this cd changer is just plain amazing, the cd changer makes your cd s sound so much better and clearer than any where else, this is a 
weather alert radio. The peace of mind I have just for having this radio in the house is amazing. After the tornados struck not far from us here in Florida, 
Ranks with the elite radar detectors in performance. I got the Vector 995 because its performance is at par with the top of the line radar detectors from Bel, Escort, 
It s worked wonderfully... And the sound quality is really great. I got it as a gift for my husband. We re both musicians and have been thrilled with the 
COOL VIEW. THE HP 1905 IS A GREAT MONITOR, IT WORKED FLAWLESSLY OUT OF THE BOX. I RECCOMEND THAT YOU GET A DVI CABLE AND HOOK IT UP THROUGH THE 
CTA Digital IP - SRD Sound Orb Ipod Speakeer. This product is fantastic. Great sound with a small footprint. I purchased a JBL On Stage at first and it malfunctioned 
I love my Iriver. I m very pleased with my Iriver. I have tons of room to store all my favorite songs and even sermons! I do a lot of 
Great Item!. I ve had the iAudio U2 for about a year now and it s just fantastic. Works perfectly and have only had 1 instance where it froze all 
Awesome storage, good sound and easy to use. This mp3 player is great for anyone who never wants to have to think about deleting or changing the music on their 
WOW! Solid construction, almost overkill. I mainly bought this for its reliability, # of outlets and most of all the CleanPower feature. Funky dirty AC power is one of the 
Excellent. This is a great, high quality product. This cable improved the sound quality of my home theater system dramatically. Well worth the price  
Great unit but functionality adds 50 extra costs. I bought this unit specifically for my biking trips as a traditional cyclecomputer is hard to mount on a trike-bike. It also 
I m Impressed!. I am kind of a shortwave junkie, and have a few radios all over the place,I must admit that for the money spent, and the performance and 
Good monitor - some issues. First off I would like to say that there are 2 versions on this monitor. There is the S panel and the A panel. To 
What a great tool!. I ve had mine for about 3 weeks now. It s worked perfect from the start and is extremely accurate. I calibrated mine on a treadmill 
practical and pretty. This product is a good solution to personalizing and protecting the delicate case of your white macbook. I had the white ibook and after a year it 
SanDisk SDMX2-1024 Sansa e 140 Digital audio player. I received this unit in a timely fashion andit works as advertised. No surprises.Good basic unit for simple needs.I love that I 
Never pay high prices for HDMI cables!. Works as advertised. One of the best prices for an HDMI cable.Do NOT pay the crazy 70 to 150 for HDMI cables at 
I LOVE IT!!!. I ENJOY IT EVERYDAY... GOOD SELECTION.... !!!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.... DON T BE AFRAID... GO FOR IT!!! AND SING ALL DAY LONG...  
great flat panel lcd-tv. I am a dentist who uses these monitors as tv s for my patients to view while having dental procedure done. I have been very happy 
sanus stand. very nice looking stand and very sturdy. i am not sorry that i bought it. looks great with my 46 inch samsung lcd. functions and looks great. only 
Kingston 256 MB SD Card. I bought this card with my Canon Powershot SD200. The card holds a lot of pictures, more than I expected even with a high resolution 
ViaMichelin X-930 GPS. If you re considering the ViaMichelin under 200 GPS , you re probably trying to decide if a GPS that is more than 100 cheaper much more 
tough protection. The speck skin tight cover is easy to put on and really helps protect from the minor bumps and bangs. The screen protector is also nice, as it 
Nice Product. This product is very easy to use, but the thing I don t like is that it can be somewhat messy when you are taking out the old 
Good little machine!. I purchased this ipod player about two months ago. Presently, it is in my office. For the price, it is a great little machine. I have had 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
Money s worth. I have been using this product since only last month and I am happy with it. The capacity meter actaully works and is very helpful  
Nano Skin Review. This is an excellent product. I would highly recommended the product to protect your Nano  
Precautions on assembly. Becareful when you unpack the shelving materials. There are 8 circular styrofoam spacers on two square sheets of styrofoam that look like packing material. You could easily 
Sleek and Practical. I ordered this from Amazon after checking it out in a store and on the Salamander website. Has great features - finally a system that lets you 
Great Product and Price. I use this in my laptop with Microsoft Street with GPS. It works great when you have multiple USB with only one port  
Great Flash Memory Card. It work very good and I have found nothing wrong with it  
Best price for what you get. After purchasing this memory card, I realized I should have purchased it with my camera instead of waiting as long as I did. Before 
Sure it s just a clock radio but... ...it comes from a high level clock radio world that you didn t know existed! Other models always seem to have issues 
DOES THE JOB. This is great for plug and play. It didn t take me long to figure the ins and outs. I found the latency is reduced with the 
It looks great. This is a quality product to protect your iPod Nano. Now all I need to do is buy an iPodo.  
Likely the Best travel case on the market. Although this case is a bit more pricey than your standard discount store types, it is well worth the extra . My 
Not bad for the price. The two way radios were just the thing to keep in touch with my son on the slopes. The voice is clear and the reception 
Great Product. This is like the best wall Arm mount i have ever used. I have bought one for my friend and i liked it, so i had to get 
Great Phone for the money. I really like this phone. The clarity is excellent. It has a lot of features that I really like. The memory phone books is just 
Very handy. Really am enjoying using the lanyard, it is much better that carrying the pod around and now it leaves me hands free to work around the house and 
sweet keyboard. I really enjoy this keyboard- the mouse & keyboard combo ensure that I m color coordinated in a drab 6X8 cubicle- I think I m quickly converting my 
GOOD QUALITY CORD. These cords are well made with durable ends. They are not as flexible as some of the black rubber cords but are fine as long as you 
Great, especially for the price!. Great player. Haven t used a ton, but it is for my daughter. It is simple, yet has a great picture, sturdy. Good  
Great printer interesting printer driver... I replaced an ancient HP printer and this puppy certainly pumps the pages out! The printer driver has some interesting multi-page options shrinking pages to 
Pleased. Printer works well, picture quality is great. For easier stand alone upgrade to canon with LCD display and memory slots  
samsung hlr6167. I WAS LIKE A PROUD NEW PAPA! THE SERVICE DELIVERY FROM AMAZON WENT OFF WITHOUT A HITCH, THIS WAS THE 1ST TIME I PAYED FOR SOMETHING OVER 100.00 
a great find. FROM A OLD LARGE BOXY TV TO THIS WIDE CLEAR COLOURFUL THIN NEAT PIECE OF TECKNOLOGY WAS A DELIGHTFUL AND SUPRISING TRANSITION EXPERIENCE ..WHEN YOU SEE ONE 
Great with not interference & easy install. Installed step by step as instructed with no proble  
Not bad, not bad at all. First off, let me say I am not an audiophile , nor am I an MP3 junkie, so keep that in mind. This unit 
long lasting. for the cost and the usage our 2605 2600 hp printer has, these cartidges have a good shelf life. Good product  
Pegasus flown in with a great product. I have not had one complaint with this very sturdy, bold, slylish, pack from the Wenger--SwissGear company. It has done its duty of 
it s a memory card.. how bad can it be??. Great product, easy use, of good quality and works great in my phone  
Impressive little gadget. Even though Elgato sounds a bit like ACME to me, I have to say they know what they re doing. This little device is great and works 
A Great Backup for the TI89. My engineering classes don t allow for the TI-83,86,89. So I needed a calculator that allowed for matrix reduction, basic vector manipulation, and single 
5 minutes. That s all it took: 5 minutes. I got this little stick of RAM in the mail, opened the package, popped it out, popped off the side of 
Postcards from the Edge. You re on the trip of a lifetime and you promised to send postcards to your friends and relatives. Why not send scenic cards with you 
Amazing Subwoofer. The JBL Venue Series SUB10 subwoofer is truly amazing. The bass will shake your floors. With the ability to adjust the amount of boost, this unit will work 
Cannon PIXMA MP 160. I made my decision to buy this all-in-one printer based on Consumer Reports testing and they were right on. It was inexpensive and does everything I 
value for money. small on size..big on storage space..sleek design..overall very good value for money..could have had a longer USB cable though.. hence the 4 star rating ..  
Kingston 1GB SD Card Review. Great value for your money. Kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product.  
Don t order from Amazon. HiI ordered item which is WD Passport External 120GB Hard Drive. It was available Now available too. . Recently I received e-mail from Amazon cancelled 
Great Car Charger. I purchased this charger for my mini and it s great. It charges my ipod faster than if I plug it into the charger attached to my 
great product. works great everywhere. particularly well outdoors. some limited use inside buildings  
IPOD cup holder. great produce.much more conveinient when you have multilpe riders in the car so that they can share  
Great product, great price. I ordered two of these cards for my two LG cell phones. Now I can hold about 1000 songs in each phone. Great product, huge capacity, 
Ultra hard drive enclosure. I Installed an 80MB WD drive, partioned and formatted it withiout any problem. I haven t had any problem with the unit.I am completely satisfied with 
Perfect Match of Performance and Price. In this photo printer, HP does an excellent job of matching what you want in terms of performance with what you want to pay. 
very good,. everything as expected. great color, the only thing that I found difficult was using paper from the manual hadler and the roll of paper does not allow a 
Excellent Value. The mic performs well in a meeting classroom environment. No problems. Amazon shipped very quickly and had the best price I could find.  
Great Radio-Great Price-Outstanding Gift !. My daughter gave me a 50 dollar gift slip for Eddie Bauers this past Christmas. During the Holidays I went to the mall with my 
Okay. I bought this Belkin Battery Backup after a power failure disaster was narrowly averted by MS Word s AutoRecovery feature. It s worked fine at warding off power failures 
fast, convinient and stylish. the mouse arrived very quickly after the purchase was made. no problems with it. plug in and go literally . lights up so it entertains my 
Great hub - just a few minor issues. PROSSmallCuteSelf-powered - comes with a power adaptor. I have 6 devices hooked up to it, including 2 USB Hard Drives, and it 
Great sound!. I bought this radio to listen to while I m cooking and the sound quality is fantastic. It s compact, simple, attractive and sounds great. I think the 
Creative Labs SBS Vivid 80 Speakers. My new speakers are small but have really good sound.Perfect for sitting next to my monitor.Thanks to amazon for offering such a fine product 
Does the job nicely. The price is right, it loads quickly and works reliably. A good set of features for the price.I admit I miss the 6 disc capacity of 
Great adapter. This adapter was recommended to me as the only one that worked with the software they produced. They said not to use the cheap Chinese knockoffs because they 
Awesome Product, XBOX Live Open NAT. So far this router is very good. I know that it has some bad reviews, but I had to see for myself. As soon 
Great Resurfacing Fluid. I Bought this Resurfacing Fluid for my Skip Dr, Cd, DVD, and Game Repair Kit worked great, Im happy with it, I don t see a problem 
Finally HD Tuner in the small Samsung. I love this tv, I usually buy Samsung, I have a 32 3251D thats great other than crappy built in speakers. This Tv 
Tivoli Radio. This desk-top radio has very good to excellent FM reception using either the internal antenna or the provided external antenna. I live in a high-rise building that challenges 
Awesome Product!. Product looks and operates smooth! Very quiet enclosure. Only wish it had an active cooling system. Still I am very pleased  
Mid range quality for low range price. These are good earphones, with full, quality sound throughout the spectrum: bass is robust, and the treble, though lacking slightly, is more than 
Good printer, not photo printer. I purchased this printer after reading all the reviews and the consumer report. It prints documents great, it scans very nice too. But when I 
CP USB printer cable. Everything was as mentioned on website. However I found that it doesn t work with Vista, at least right now  
Stable and dependable. Got this one after returning a Sandisk 256 Mb Ultra II SD card died after a few days of very minimal use , and this one works 
What s up with my wheel. Same as everybody else, I ordered mine a couple of days back and it hasn t shipped...I want it!!!!!  
Memory card. The memory card is great. the package was a little beat up...but it s all good  
Unbelievable functionality at low price. I found this remote in a Walgreens store. It has unbelievable functionality for a cheap remote. I was able to program my TV, VCR, DVD, 
Stock IPOD earbuds beware!!!. These smokin buds are an exceptional set of earbuds. They are miles above the regular ipod earbuds. And if anyone wants to know i have an 
good small size, and does its job well. Although I am using the MiniSD version GFR201SDMP of the same product line, I saw little difference in appearance between the two 
All I wanted and More...... This product is amazing. I expected it to be able to take the video from my ipod and put it on a larger screen but 
Great for the Nikon D200 - SanDisk 2 GB Extreme III CompactFlash. I purchased several of these cards .... they work great and as advertised. The D200 has a memory 
Great ipod mini case. I bought this for my girlfriend s ipod mini. She loves it and it protects her ipod well. You can still put attachments like the itrip 
Picture Perfect. I just purchased the Canon 20D and this card is a true marriage of the two necessities. Plenty of picture room and I plan to purchase a 2GB 
a must-have for the iHome. Mine came with the iHome I bought also with a Rinoskin case, all for only 70 at Sam s Club and I am very glad 
Have the player...get this case, free up your hands. I got this when I ordered my SonyMD Walkman blue and I love it. It is comfortable and perfect to use 
Epson Dura-Brite STYLUS C84 C86 CX6400 CX6600 High-Capacity Black Ink Cartridge. Best Bargin I Can Find!!!!! High quality ink cartridge, fast shipping, and at the lowest overall price! This is 
Works for me. I purchased this CD changer to replace a similar one made by Sony that I had for many years. I use it in a commercial office; so 
A new way to go. The RAM format is a Proprietary thing with Panasonic so after buying a new Panasonic recorder I ordered these disks. I find that DVD recording 
Nice entry Level card. First let me say that if you plan on playing the latest games in full resolution, this card is not for you. If you plan on 
Great Radio and Great Service!. If you read my review a month ago I guess I was a bit too hard on Sangean Radio but since then a very nice 
Maxtor OneTouch III 500 GB External Hard Drive FireWire. Reliable, attractive looking drive.I also have 3 300Gb Maxtor ONETOUCH II drivesthat have worked flawlessly with my Mac G4 and then 
Very functional hand-held CB. We had to take a long roadtrip during some questionable weather. I wanted to have a CB in the minivan so I could listen to truckers, 
both good and bad... Some of the things about this keyboard are fantastically impressive, but other omissions make me want to tear my hair out. On the whole, This is 
Bigger faster card keeps pace with my digital workflow. This Sandisk Extreme III 4GB card supports my digital image production very well.Plugged into the current technology this card enables me 
The Best Radio Ever Got!!!! Must Have!!. I have own so many kinds of pocket radio, this is going to be the last kind I will ever own.1. Excellent reception, 
best joystick, period. CH FlightSticks have always been the best game sticks, and now that Vista is dropping joystick port support, this USB version is king. Wide range of motion, 
if u have a ipod get this. must have for alpine ipod ready cd players. supper long cord so placement was easy. ipod response time is great als  
Best remote control extender I have found. I love this product. I have bought two and a few extra batteries. They control all my equipment from any room in my 
Might be the last tv i ever buy... wow...im impressed...after reading several negative reviews aout the noise and other issues i crossed my fingers in hope that my tv wouldnt 
Excellent drive. I bought this drive to replace my measly 30GB boot drive that came with my Dell. In order to replace your boot drive, you need to MOVE your 
Car stereo. So far the item has worked excellent. It looks very nice and was inastallation friendly. I hope you keeep this item, as I restore a lot of cars 
Makes Life Easy. I only use the Muvo TX to listen to individual .mp3 files i.e. no playlists so I cannot speak for the advanced features it may have.I tried 
Sony Bean. I just ordered the second one for our family. It s the 3rd Sony MP3 player to join our househould. They ve been very dependable, and they re 
Fabulous Product. The Apple Airport Card - network adapter - Airport 802.11b was a fabulous purchase. It did exactly what it was supposed to, was easy to install and test, 
Very Nice product. I work with a laptop computer and I have 3 external harddrives to backup my data, other than that I have several USB devices. I have used 
Excellent speakers. The speakers were purchased for a new Yamaha stereo receiver and mounted inverted six feet above the floor in an 18 x 20 great room with hard wood 
Great Buy, Fast Shipping, Excellent Product!!!. I purchased this phone per the reviews I ve read and trust me folks, you will not be disappointed. Crystal clear reception, easy soft 
No-brainer... I plugged it into my old Laserjet 4P, and connected my MacBook Pro. It worked. Ta-da  
Decent keyboard. I was looking for a curved egronimic keyboard that had a good feel, cordless, and drivers that did not cause issues.For the longest time I used the original 
Easy to install, great product!. I bought this based on the other reviews, and I was pleased with the results. I installed my 42 Panasonic plasma without any trouble - 
pay no attention. Pay no attention to the negative reviews of this product. RF links are all about math and the gain of this antenna produces a directed signal that 
WELL MADE BOOMBOX. WELL MADE BOOMBOX WITH CD, RADIO, CASSETTE RECORDER. GREAT SOUND FROM A NOT TOO LARGE BOOMBOX. CD SOUNDS GREAT, CASSETTE SOUNDS GREAT ALSO. COMES WITH REMOTE CONTROL. 
wish I had gotten a bigger one!. This technically works well. I am finding learning to use it difficult. I really wish I had spent a little more and gotten 
HP 17 a little too big. I have the HP Pavilion 17 widescreen laptop 9000 series . While the sleeve is supposed to fit a 17 laptop, it is quite 
Tune Belt. It was a great gift and they use it when they ride there bikes.  
Great CD Changer. I bought the changer for my wife for Christmas and she was very happy . She had one before but this one had more options and easier 
Forerunner 305 review. While I often work out in the gym using a treadmile I do occasionally run outdoors and I will do more outdoors as the weather in MN 
Incredible Range, Incredible Value. Tried this phone for 10 because of the poor range of our Unidens and really lucked out. This thing will work over 300 feet away! The 
Sony DVD 400 Disc Changer - Two Thumbs Up.... For anyone that has ever owned any of Sony s CD changers, you will be happy to know the same design 
Great Microphone. Microphone works great. The sound produced is a noticeable difference compared to the internal mic of course . It makes the video sound so much more professional.PS: Visualdude- 
Best Headphones I ve Ever Used. After using my iM716s for about 4 months now I have a few things to say about them.1 Price: Lists for 199 on Altec 
satisfied. OK, I had a problem with my power adapter also. It just stopped working. But I have only good things to say about Targus customer service. I wrote an 
Great Value. what more do you want?? mounts to the standard speaker, does not rattle, and is fully adjustable. Well worth the price, I have four for my surround sound 
Coby Mp3 Player. I bought my son this player for christmas he is only seven so I didnt want to get him an ipod and have him lose it get 
sony ECM-CS10 performs well. The Sony ECM-CS10 is reasonably priced for a stereo mic. I have used it for recording auido lectures and it works well to pick up all 
Love it. I love it, but I think I would like the the 80GB ipod  
Very Satisfied. Very Satisfied. Great printer. Would recommend for the home computer. Prints sharp. Love it  
Great product for the price. I needed a low-priced pair of headphones a few days ago, so I ran out and bought these. I wasn t expecting much for the 
Wonderful. This is the best photo printer I have seen. I work at a print shop and it tops the very expensive printers that I use. I am also a 
When you are born, you should get this for your first day on earth. I am serious.These things are greatI love mine.I NEVER EVER get lost and have to ask 
great tech for computer-inclined people. First of all, what a great price for futuristic-sounding technology. The fingerprint-scan works great, and for those hard-to-reach places, comes with an extension cord. In 
Great. Great range, great sound, and pretty easy to set up. Plus this phone is very, very cool looking. The only negative thing that I can think of is that 
Just perfect. I read so many differing reviews that I was nervous about the purchase, but it s sleek and little and works great. I use it in the kitchen, 
Great Photo Printer at a Great Price. This photo printer is unbelievably fast! I was used to my deskjet printer speed, but man...Literally a 5 second color photo print with 
Worth it for the cost. The relatively inexpensive, well-designed Logitech Nascar wheel and pedals are ANALOG, a MUST for racing games like Need for Speed. Analog potentiometers slide along infinite 
check your device to see compatability. No manufacturer or distributor, like Amazon, can keep up with compatability for their memory. Even the specialty motherboard memory manufacturers, if they do have 
Good ink, but expensive. Good ink, but expensive for the number of pages it prints. But you know what, I ll never buy third-party ink, since they have a very 
Fine so far with my Mac 3 months . I use it to back up my G4 powerbook via the included Firewire 800 cable. Mine had some vibration noise which 
Space Saver. For a small portable system it has great sound. My husband is listening to baseball games on this system. He loves the fact it does not take up 
JBuds Hi-Fi NOT noise reducing. I just recently bought the JBuds and I have to say that the only thing that stands out about these earbuds is the fact that 
8 IN 1 CARD READER. WORKS FINE FOR ME BUT FOUND IT ON KODAK WEB PAGE FOR ABOUT HALF THE PRICE. THANK YOU  
XM Radio Antenna. Antenna works perfectly. I recieved it in a timely manner. It took me about 20 minutes to mount it. I would definitely reccomend this business  
since I was a kid. I haven t had a good shortwave radio since I was a kid. Since then I also have become an Electrical Engineer and have been 
Glad I bought!. For the size, I m amazed at how well the sound is and I love the portability! I can take it anywhere and what I love most 
Great value. I have been using this on my Canon Rebel XT for about 9 months. I also have a similar CF card made by Sandisk Ultra II which I 
These were great then and they re great now... I had a set of SE 5 s I think they were the predecessors of the original AM 5 s years 
Belkin Print Server Spanish. Este producto provee excelentes cualidades ofrece 2 puertos de impresora usb en un mismo equipo esto economiza el uso de puertos de red, la configuracion es 
No complaints... ...I have been using this drive for a few months now and have no complaints. One of my laptops only has a USB 1.x port and it is 
Excellent printer. I purchased this printer for its ability to print 11 x 17. For the price, it really can t be beat. It prints fairly slowly, but I think 
earphones save the day. Thank you for the great earphones, My son, his wife and my grandaughter were taking a trip to calif. and asked to borrow my dvd player. 
ok. I am using kingston flash card in my kodak digital camera and it works really good.  
excellent keyboard!. I bought this keyboard for my daughter in lieu of a real piano for lack of space. The weighted keys give it the feel of a real piano, 
Excellent Wireless. We ve tried several wireless phone systems and have been dissappointed. We are very satisfied with these phones by Phillips. We purchased this and an external handset as 
CardScan Exec 700. It was purchased for one of our VP and he like it a lot he said it is a time saver  
Wowzas!. Yeah, so apparently this was a really good PDA to buy. I BOUGHT THIS THREE YEARS AGO AND IT STILL WORKS! Ive been searching for a new PDA since 
Good for the Money. I bought the 100 pack for 23.. great price, not one error and they re made sturdy..what else can you ask for?  
Good little iPod mini cover. I ve gone through 2 iPod mini cases now, this is my third-- by far this is the best yet. The hard outer shell, is 
small, cute and fast. This is about the size of half of a conventional key, or about 1.5 times the diameter of a standard key ring. Tiny! Works terrific. And 
A pain to find....but worth it. I needed an earbud microphone to plug into a Cobra Handheld CB radio. It was hard to find a source of this particular unit 
Great quality for the 60 price tag. Someone else said it was finicky about going back up, but mine gives me no problems. You just have to learn how to 
Incredible sound. I cannot speak much for the fragility of the headphones, because I only use them indoors with my computer and my mp3 player. If I pay 140 for 
Targus TLE400 17 Deluxe Leather Notebook Case. Outstanding value! Does exactly what it s suppoe to do, exactly the way it s supposed to do it.  
Labelling tape fits bill . User-friendly instructions guide in making clear, legible, labels with matching Brother label-maker. Occasionally hard to peel off paper from adhesive backing. Tape easy to install. 
Great Phone. This phone is exactly what I wanted: Clear, undistorted sound with good wanderability is this a word?! , a fully functioning answering machine that is intuitive to use 
Exactly what I was looking for!. First I have to say that although I enjoy seeing live music, the constant talking and hubub going on around me drives me insane. 
Great for a busy professional. This is a great product for a busy professional or grad student who gives their Mac a lot of mileage. I m in law school, 
My laptop hasn t been stolen yet... I use a Mac, thanks to the universal little hole, these locks work in any type of computer, PC or Mac, there s 
Bearcat scanner. Great product, great price and fast delivery. A trustworthy place to order online  
Nothing better for me right now - but not perfect . I use this with an iPod interface cable and an XM-direct receiver, both do just about exactly what you 
Great Product. Great product fits device well and has plenty of storage space for movies and musi  
I love this player!. For those of you who bought MiniDisc recorders to move away from analog tape recording, this product is wonderful. Especially good for recording lectures, voice lessons, 
Great product. We bought this so we could watch dvd s in hd format. It is wonderful and the cost is relatively inexpensive. Am thrilled to have it  
Never had a moment s trouble. Contrary to the previous review, I ve been quite happy with with these. At the Amazon price, if you can use any two of 
8 in 1 multicard reader KRW8IN1SCS KODAK . I have used the device numerous times since the purchase and would highly recommend it. Would buy it again  
iRiver iFP 799T 1 GB Flash MP3 Player. This player is great all around. Small compact size with sport arm band included makes work-outs a whiz! The only draw back 
Mostly pleased. Bought this player for its size sports and its Napster compatibility. Updated the firmware after having a rocky start; but things seem a little more stable now. Also 
Great little speakers. I used these while down the shore with 20 people in a small condo ... you could hear the music just fine without distortion or drowning out 
works great. i bought this to read my little girls bedtime stories aloud and record them for when we aren t home. we ve also had their grandparents from out 
Great for film. I use this mainly to scan film. It is a little slow, but the quality is awesome. Great product, great price  
I Always Wanted To Write a Battery Review. I used to buy Energizers and Duracells at 3-4 a pop for four batteries. Now I buy generic Alkalines at Costco. Cost: 
HP B9180 Photo Printer Rocks. I have had my HP B9180 Photo Printer for five weeks now and I m very happy with it. The print quality is outstanding and 
Heightened Security. The MacBook Pro was just too pretty to begin with; it couldn t help but suffer under the strict handling of homeland security forces. But now this case 
The Best Blank Tape Around. I am a collector of TV shows. I have 30 tapes filled with TV shows that I recorded. I ve recorded on several different brands, 
Cheap, but alright... I had no problems with wood splitting as other reviewers have mentioned. The stands look good and work fine except that they are a little on the 
Auto CD Player Cleaner. The cleaner ran like it was supposed to so I guess it worked. There really is no way to tell if it helped or not i 
Stable, but for the S-video. I bought this to record Tivo DVR stuff to DVD. Only mpeg capture device I have tried that gives a good quality picture. Any other 
Outstanding for musicians. I m a drummer who has been playing for a long time and I ve always been searching for the perfect earplugs for playing gigs. Most off-the-shelf 
Great product. Takes a licking and keeps on BLASTING MUSIC INTO YOUR EARS! May make your nano BIG but imagine how big one would have to be to protect a 
Best Available Multi-Purpose 4G iPod Case. After looking around at the local stores Fry s and CompUSA I had just about given up on finding a single case that would 
Nice Stereo. I bought this for my Mom for Christmas and ended up giving it to her before the holidays so she could listen to Christmas music while she was 
Works like it should. Works fine though every odd time I will come across one that is not perforated completely...it happens I guess. Overall, I am very satisfied with the 
Great Book Holder. I read the other reviews on this bookholder and wasn t so sure about it. However, after buying and trying it out, I have no regrets. Don 
Great Product. good cd player. ipod mini works great with it. menu is good when playing mp3 cds or when connected to an ipod. tho i wish it would remember 
Great Hub. This hub takes care of old power issues I had with smaller unpowered hubs . It is handling my pda, usb jump drive, high capacity external drive, and 
HP DESKJET 460wtb. Funcaionality 5 stars. Design 4--the Canon is much smaller and will inroduce in April bluetooth and wifi connetivity. PORTABILITY 3 1 2 stars a bit bulky for 
Sony vs. Eton. I have both the Sony SW7600GR and the Eton E10. The Sony has less noise through the headphone out compared to the Eton. You can verify this 
Well worth the price. This switch performs exactly as I had hoped. I ve connected a Tivo, X-Box and Game Cube to a single TV, and I don t have 
Runners need this!. This device is awesome. I absolutley highly recommend it, especially since I used it on the treadmill and discovered the treadmill, all this time, has given me 
Rating on WUSB54GS. This device does the necessary job of completing my wireless network in my home  
Good Review. In my opinion one of the best brands of recordable media, that U can buy in the market  
wacom tablet. i love love love the wacom tablet. it saves the day as far as deadlines go when it comes to my photoshop projects  
Good Radio with that price. Pro-good reception. I used it in the bus.Con-Don t have pre-station saving feature. Don t have lock button function therefore buttons are easy touched.Delivery is 
I really like it. This is a pretty good mouse, I can t really expound more than those below me but, It is almost the perfect size, maybe just a 
It s big, but so is my iPod. This is great. I admit, at first I thought it was too big and bulky, but when I get moving, everything stays 
No DVR subscription fees and no problems!. What I like about this product is that there are no recurring fees like you have with a TiVo or a DVR box 
rcarrier. I received it in a timely manner and am pleased with the performance of the product. It may not be a top name brand, but I can t tell 
Works great!. I bought this cable to use in my car. I have a 2006 Scion xB with an AUX plug for MP3, CD & Tape players. This is just 
I love it. I haven t use all the featurs as yet but I think it will be worth the while  
Excellent product. A very affordable and practical storage unit. I was able to store 250 CD s-DVD s in their paper sleeves. The unit was easy to assemble and ready 
great choice!!. have to say this product really made my life easier!! i live in the city on the 5th floor in my bldg. i recently built an enclosed music 
Fits like a glove. I was using an old camera case to store my C340 when not in use. This C series specific case works out much better since Nav 
tough. I haven t had the 2G Jump drive long but it does seem to hold up to my keys, pocket change, and dangling from my dash. Most of my 
Great value!. This card works great and is significantly less expensive than it is at local retail stores. As a matter of fact, I just ordered another one yesterday  
Good quality for a cheap price. I ve had this printer for about 3 months. I do a good amount of printing and still have nearly half the catridges left 
Great Cases!. I love the flexible clear plastic.Excellent spindle design - great preservation of the discs - the little push button doesn t require you to pry the disc out.And 
THE PRICE IS RIGHT. The HP Photosmart C5180 will do the job for a full-featured moderately priced printer, if you don t need the FAX. The buttons are self-explanatory. The 
Finally a CD that works in my car. Tested at 32x I slowed my burner down a bit and these work great in both my home stereo panasonic and car 
These speakers are amazing. I first saw these speakers at the Apple store, and i really liked the sound and the look. I went on amazon and found a better 
Olympus xD 512 MB Picture Card. The card has worked flawlessly I would recommend it to others  
LOSROSALES5. EXCELLENT PRODUCT. WE HAD HUNDREDS OF BUSINESS CARDS WHICH WE SCANNED IN ONLY A SHORT AMOUNT OF TIME. THE SCANNER WAS ABLE TO PLACE THE CORRECT INFO IN THE 
Epson Ink Cartridges for R320. Vivid Colors, Great Price, Big savings over buying individually, super fast shipping, arrived at my door in 2 days  
I love his little guy. This mouse is great for laptop use on the go. It comes with me everyday on the train and on buses on my way to 
Not too bad. This is a good product for the price, it does what it s supposed to do so I can t complain about that. But I carry this 
Everything I hoped for. Yes the Audio-Technica does all I had hoped for and is very reasonable for such a fine turntable. Thank you  
Nice for the Price. I work in higher education within the Media Services. I ve been contantly looking for a reasonable clicker to control ppt s. It has easy to 
A Very Satisfied Customer. I ordered this Sharp Aquos LCD TV on Saturday, 24 February 2007 from Amazon my favorite online seller . I received an e-mail with the shipment 
Works fine. It s just a cable. Unless it is broken, it will do what it is designed to do. I have no problems with it. It connects my MP3 
Okay. I bought this Belkin Battery Backup after a power failure disaster was narrowly averted by MS Word s AutoRecovery feature. It s worked fine at warding off power failures 
Solves a real challenge of mounting XM radio. Works great in my 99 Acura TL. Since there is almost no place to mount the XM receiver without compromising the passenger 
Inexpensive Alternative. I find this to be an inexpensive alternative to higher-priced cables sold through the manufacturer. I can offer some helpful hints here...if you have satellite tv, the universal 
1 GB card. I m afraid I don t know a lot about this technology. I went for economy and I am getting very good quality photos. I think I 
A GREAT MP3 PLAYER. this is such a good mp3 player it works so good and its color screen. a great mp3 player if you our looking into getting a 
Great NIC Card. I needed a Gigabit NIC card for our Windows 2003 Server and I ended up choosing this one. Great price for a great card. Installation was a 
WaveRest Gel Mouse feels perfect. Worked out really well. Stopped the pain in my wrist when using the mouse so muc  
Great Little Unit. Pretty slick little unit although without some downloadable maps that I found, it would be pretty worthless. The built in base map does not have much detail. 
Quality and reliability. These disks have been working well for me. I have burned over 100 disks with zero coasters so far. The audio video quality is some of the 
Uniden headsets for Walkie Talkies. Excellant product, excellant price, hope to do business again, ty, for fast speedy shipment, a pleasure doing business with you  
Basic dvd player. This panasonic player is an excellent basic unit. It does everything that it advertises. For the money, it suits my needs well  
great for the price!. I picked these up figuring that I couldn t go wrong with them considering the price of the speakers. The other reviews were pretty positive and 
Matte paper review. Great paper-The Epson printer worked just fine and the images on this paper were just like the photograph-Only thing is the price!!!!Should be lower-other than that this 
Battery Issue. For those concerned with the battery life, a travel battery charger with mini-usb that I use for my cell phone works great for recharging the Garmin Edge 305 
Olympus 2GB Xd Card. The service was great. The Xd card was shipped very quickly. The card is working great in my camera  
Good value. I searched the internet high and low to find something inexpensive that would do what I wanted without taking forever for each picture to scan. This one is 
Makes drawing fun!. I bought this mainly for doing drawing and animation in Flash and other programs. It works like a charm- the pressure sensitivity really helps you get a 
KB Gear Jam Tablet- it s worth it. I bought this recently not knowing much about what was out on the market in terms of tablets, and I have some 
iPod Shuffle Armband Carrier. This carrier allows me to fasten the iPod Shuffle securely to my upper arm so I don t have to worry about losing it. It is 
Code length. Code length of this product is very small. I had to buy an extention cord.The sound quality is not bad  
Great product!. Its the perfect GPS! the size, the weight, the performance... all in one package  
Wow!!! This has been a great tool for my presentations!. I have been using this WiFi presenter for 2 months and have yet had to replace the batteries. I use 
Amazing Customer Service though.... I bought the 128MB card 8-9 mnths ago. At first didnt notice it but the usable memory kept getting smaller! Finally it gave a Error Reading 
excellent travel companion. As I spend a lot of time traveling, I was in a dire need of something to reduce the load of paper I carry around the globe. 
Great Dual Purpose GPS Navigator. I own two vehicles with factory installed GPS systems. Both are over [...] options but work great. The Zumo 550 holds it own in a 
Audio Technica AT-PL50 Belt Drive Turntable. Gave it to my bro for his birthday and he loves it. No complaint  
CD player. Not bad so far, the only thing I probably can have used is a clip, or something to help me carry it on the walks  
DVD R RW. I have had excellent results transferring my VHS Tapes movies, etc. to Memorex DVD R RW discs. I have a Philips DVDR985 DVD Recorder Player and it 
Great Notebook Carrying Case. I ordered this carrying case because a I have a heavy 17.4 widescreen laptop. I felt it was too heavy for my current case and that 
Karaoke for Everyone!. I have been searching for some time for a system. I looked at some of the compact systems , and had to decide on versatillity vs comportability. 
Oh my goodness!. This is not my first multi-channel sound system, but it is by far the most powerful, and the best. There are a few documentation issues that need 
Apple Air Port Extreme Card. Love the apple airprot extreme card. We set up wireless networking in our home and my mac is downstairs I have super fast spee  
Good Picture, but still needs refinement. I went through many LCDs, looking and comparing, and stopped on the 537H from Olevia. Since there were none in my area to look 
TV. This is a great TV! The picture is amazing, clear as a bell  
Quality picture and no eye strain. The picture on the SyncMaster series seems to only get better and better. More contrast than earlier models, but still no noticeable eyestrain. The 
useful little case. This case logic case is a useful little item, to hold almost anything, not just mp3 players, I m using the two I bought to hold my 
VERY EASY TO SETUP !!!!!. I love the fact that it is the eaziest to set, dual alarm clock to date. all you do is hit one button amd turn 
iGo... these stay - I love that ad and the product! . So I like gadgets, and I believe they make my life easier... whenever I travel, I almost always 
Awesome Value!! Highly Recommend!. I bought this system recently after my Panasonic DVD Surround System broke. I was a little leary about this system since other reviewers have mentioned a 
Excellent!. Because I m a free lance writer and reviewer, I often have to have books on a holder for reference or for when I m direct quoting.I had a 
Pretty cool..works superb. An excellent product for the price you pay..works superb,worth every penn  
Great value!. This is a great value if you have the Epson printer! Qualifies for free shipping from Amazon too  
USB 2 Reader. Quick reader, poor design. It does a great job copying images to my Mac, but the flimsy lid is a piece of poo-poo. It stays on tight, 
good to start, but move away quickly. For what it is, this keyboard is great. However, what it is allows it to have significant drawbacks:1: the speakers are horrible. With 
A good product with a few limitations. Like other reviewers, I found this to be good switch, but I ve found a few limitations. I discovered that when I attached 
Sony DVP-NC85H B. Product works fine and was in good condition. I would buy from the seller again  
Great Dell Laptop sleeve. I have a Dell Inspiron 630m and this sleeve fits it perfectly. It is really well made and provides the perfect extra cushion for bringing my 
It does what it s advertisd to do. This hard drive works well, is relatively quiet and has a quick enough response to meet my needs. What else can I 
Best of breed. Finding a capable HDTV antenna was a challenge. I went through 4 before getting the Terk HD-TVS. Good news is, I found a winner. I previously tried 
Excellent phone. I did not expect to get such an easy install, I am not tech savy. Therefore I expected problems But surprisingly it way click and go. great for 
A very good printer, but expensive to operate. The Epson 580 produces excellent prints, but it does use a lot of expensive ink. The Scanner is no match for my 
Awsome!. After extensive research I bought the HD-A2 DVD player took it home and hooked it up to my 42 inch HDLCD TV by LG via HDMI and to say 
So Far So Good... Works fine with my iBook and fits well on my desk in a neat stack with another external hard drive. Holds a ton of my writing 
Works Gr8! But... It took a bit longer than expected supersaver shipping to receive, and then it turned out to be a faulty unit. The manufacturer Macally support couldn t 
Saitek Almost has it!. I have been using this keyboard for almost a month now and I like it. I really like the illuminated keyboard and 3 color choices. Keys 
Good boombox overall. The pro and cons described by other reviews are valid. I was specifically looking for a boombox that has cassette, mp3, cd and radio capability. So didn 
Nice Device. The other positive comments for this product are accurate. This little box beams your audio all over your house. While there is some degredation of signal, this is 
Great Portable Power Strip. This power strip is quite compact and easily transported with a laptop. It s great for travel and working in a coffe shop. I m thinking 
Great Quality Photo Printer !. I Bought this printer because my wife wanted a printer that she could print out the photo s from her new Canon digital camera. Since 
Wired router. Had earlier version of this product, no issues. Installed this product out of the box didn t even have to run set up disk. Customer support is the 
Good. Seems good, only complaint is the sleeves are not removable..it seems I could fit a lot more sleeves in there if this were possible  
It is what it is. Some guys have all the luck, mine smells like eggs! Anyhow, this little thing is great for your kid to use in his her room 
great case. This case has so many fans you don t need to water cool. I love having the on button on top with the usb hook ups. Plus a 
satisfaction. i am very happy with the tom tom 910 excpept that i can not figure out how to keep the unit from dropping down from its mounted position. i 
Better for Home than Car. This Unit performs well, both in the car and home. It performs best at home as you can plug it right into your stereo vs. 
LOVE IT!. I am 18 years old and i am a college student. This bag is perfect for lugging around all of my books ecspecially when i do not have 
5 CD Changer. I bought this cd changer to replace my old ancient one. It is easy to use, good looks, good sound,just what I wanted. I am pleased  
Love this Player!!!. My husband has the white one 99 . He has had his for a year and loves it. I got this one blue - its cheaper, but 
good deal. this one so far has been working very good for me till dat  
Burns at 16X on my Pioneer DVR108. The media handles the max speed on my dvd burner. I recently ordered Ridata 16x dvd-r s which came damaged and refuse to 
Great TV. I ve had this TV almost a year and love it. The video and audio are everything my wife and I expected, and the array of input-output jacks 
Great little television. This tiny television works well, has amazingly clear picture, good sound, and picks up local stations better than my big TV. It does rip through batteries, so 
Belkin Desktop Network Card. I had a problem installing this device. If the card isplugged into a laptop, the card plugs in with the indicatorLEDs up, but when plugged into 
SanDisk CF Card. Love the Ultra II 1Gb card. I use a lot of SanDisk products without any problems  
I d be lost without it. The TomTom GO 300 did a great job navigating me around an unfamiliar city. I d be lost without it for sure. I would 
Great solution to increase work flow. This is perfect for me, it is not too big and the function buttons on the unit work great and help me work fluidly 
Works great Not sure why origonal stopped working. Works great Not sure why origonal stopped working. Now my freind needs one. they don t last  
Awesome TV!. I bought this TV the other day and my god is it awesome!The quality is mind boggling in HD as well as cable TV : I HIGHLY recommned 
Amazing Value!. I bought this TV because of how inexpensive it is relative to other LCD TVs its size, and am amazed at how nice it is considering that I 
SOLID. I bought this about 7 months ago and never had a problem with it. It take 7 minutes to burn an 80 minute cd. The program reminds you to 
Works for me. The product worked fine in the factory tape deck of my 2004 VW Jetta when hooked into the headphone jack of my Creative Zen Touch .mp3 player.If 
Fun lil printer. bought this purposefully for event photo s, & stricly for the price.Very small & portable. Took this to the company Xmas party, & printed photo s right 
description details of product need improvement. I bought this product to hang a 42 LCD.I am pleased with this mount but there are some concerns. The mount is only 32 
Great Item for Your Zen. I have grown to love my zen as it contains my favorite music, movies, sermons and my audio bible. To protect my valuable player I 
No problems with the shipping packaging. Amazon must have sorted out the shipping packaging since the last reviewers commented. I received my antenna in a large box with plenty of 
In Case of Emergencies. Very handy product. Works fine when cable and or electricity are out. Clear picture, easy to tune, truly portable and light  
Great product. We have a ton of DVDs and we were running out of space. It was especially bad because of big DVD collections. We have all 22 disks from 
Great video card!. I love this video card. I feel I have gotten a great deal with this product. I didn t have hundreds of dollars to spend on the 
Very Nice - I will buy another. I have had no problems with this product, or with the 2.5 enclosure. I use it exclusively with USB. It is very fast, 
Great Ink Cartridges. These cartridges always produce great quality prints. Do not try refilled cartridges or generic brands. Many HP printers won t accept them  
Good at Everything!. I purchased this all-in-one as a family gift for christmas simply because a new printer was necessary. Well, I got much more than I bargained for, literally. 
Excellent. This review was written for the Magellan Meridian Swivel Mount Bracket not the Magellan Swivel Mounting Bracket 701258. Use the Magellan Meridian Swivel Mount Bracket for the Magellan Meridian 
aesthetic and powerful. these little speakers are perfect for computer systems. i used them with my apple ibook. the sleek, white speakers perfectly matched the set-up. they sound great, too. 
Well, in the short term at least, this certainly goes well w pixma. Now, another reviewer felt this yellowed disappointingly fast, and I ve only had it a few days, 
Yamaha keyboard. Wow! Were we surprized. This keyboard was the find of the century! Our daughter wanted a keyboard for quite some time now and when she recieved a small 
Great buy. I bought these and the M-Audio StudioPro 3 speakers. I kept these after listening to both. The DX4 s remind me of KEF brand speakers. Flat response curve, 
It works for us. We ve had the Zapper for many months. Before it was installed we got several calls a day evening. The number of calls is down dramatically. 
met expectations. DVDs fit well and covers close and latch even with photo paper in slips  
Unbeliveable Deal. I found this bag at another store and am almost embarassed by what I paid for it 36 fantastic product. I am a Road Warrior Technician and this 
 sall coo baby!. Trip out on your tricked out PC case with transparent sides when you add this cooling fan. You may end up with not enough juice to 
Easy to install. My husband was able to install the cd player himself. If you are not a handy man this is for you. I felt the sound could have 
I love this printer!. I love this printer. It is well worth 150.00. I set it up, attached my camera and printed my first picture in about 5 minutes. It 
Best Satellite Radio Sound. This unit offers excellent sound. The SkyFi unit has very good sound for all that is packed into a small box for less than 100, but 
Best Compact Flash. Sandisk CF is all I use.I have never had a problem. One card went through the wash and still works perfectly  
Not the best, but certainly not the worst. This product defintely serves its purpose, and keeps all of my DVDs in great condition. It is certainly not nearly as nice 
A Valuable Addition to My Palm Tungsten T3. While studying, living, working, and traveling in China I have found the Britannica Concise Encyclopedia a valuable addition to my Palm Tungsten 
Excelent !!!. The service was excelent,The time of delivery excelent,The support was excelent,The product excelent.  
Good receiver. Lousy remote control. The first unit that I got lost its output no sound at all after one week of deliberately intensive use. So I requested a replacement 
Magellan RoadMate 3000 T Rocks!. This is the second RoadMate 3000T that I have purchased! The units are easy to use and the interface is straight forward. Adjusting the view 
I love TIVO!. This is a great machine. It s so easy to use and set up and has revolutionized tv watching in our house. I absolutely love it  
Excellent labels. I tried other labels and found the Neato labels are thicker and therefore less likely to bind and crinkle when you apply to a CD DVD. The spine 
just like it looked on the website!. it was a gift, and liked very much!! we couldn t order till close to holidays, so the prompt service on shipping was 
laptop mouse. I like it, works nice. This mouse is small & comfortable on the hands  
Worth the Money...MINOR drawbacks. I have owned this system since March...the sound is wonderful...definetly a great value for the money...the bass could be just a little stronger and the rear 
Great Spacemaker CD player !. Very well-pleased with purchase of GE Slim Spacemaker CD player, with under-counter mounting. Placed the order on December 22 and received within 7 days. Was 
wonderful. I read the other reviews and have to say that I loved the storyteller. I use an epson printer and it wasn t hard to print. It works better 
Great speakers for the price & a neat box. I bought these for my niece for Christmas to go with her MP3 player. WOW what a great little set of 
Exactly as described. There really aren t many surprises with this controller, except that the keyboard has an awfully nice feel for such an inexpensive unit. This is a good 
I pod. The sonic impact was just what I was looking for for travel. would recommen  
Couldn t have asked for more. The service from Amazon was great, delivery people were most cooperative, made delivery as promised, placed TV in space where we wanted and hooked 
Excellent for what I have used it for. I have used this machine for a few months now, but have not made use of all possible features. However, this is 
Excellent Product. I m on my 4th package of 300 ct labels. Every label program I ve used has a ready made template Nero, CoverXP, etc. . The labels give 
Excellent Memory. Has been using it for about 2 months and everything worked just fine. Best and fast memory you can buy up to date, of course.  
Best paper for me. I ve tried several different kinds of photo paper, and this has consistently been the best for me. CompUSA brand paper yellows within a couple weeks. 
Remember the look is a black aerial and it works like any other. You could in theory spend twice the price of this for another WNC that does exactly the 
Well worth it... I bought these because I live with my ipod in my pocket, and was just sick of the cheap apple earbud things. I am very impressed with 
It works!. Nothing much to comment about on an ink cartridge...it works as it should. If they could only reduce the cost of these things then I would be impressed 
Does exactly what it is supposed to do. I ve been struggling with heat issues for quite some time with my gaming PC and have gone through numerous fans and 
Attractive product. I bought this product 3 weeks back.Its really fantastic.I was amazed with the sound sound quality with those tiny speakers and ofcourse @cheap cost.I played this one with 
An Excellent Wireless Card. Pro: external antenna, high power output, sensitive receiver.Pro: easier connections to weaker signalsPro: easy installation if you follow the instructions. if you are going to use 
Great TV. I really like this TV.Good:The SD performance is good. The digital processor is top noch.The HD picture is as good as any.I m satisfied with the contrast.There is 
Good case over all but....... Very nice bag, looks great. The HP logo along with the selection of colors work well with each other. The nylon material is very neat, 
As good as the first one I got. This is the second Samsung large screen monitor that I have bought. Working side-by-side with two screens makes a huge difference.The primary 
The Cadillac of Media Players. I am sure all will enjoy the versatility of the Zen Vision W. It is able to play a variety of different file types, the 
Pioneer VSX-1016TXV-K 7.1 Channel Audio Video Receiver. The best!!! I m using it with a high-grade Polk surround speakers-the audio quality rocks  
Works OK, light, versatile. Beware error in description. I have used SD and SmartMedia cards so far at the same time , and the unit works flawlessly, no loose connections 
nice all-in-one, annoying hum. How I use it: home office full time . The printer is not on a network.What I like:- Intuiative interface: it s easy to set up 
Best Tablet ever - get it if you like wide strokes. Best ever, I can tell...My choice for a 9X12 format was a decision taken based on my traditional arts 
Worth every cent!. The title lets you know what I think.Did my homework. Did not want to step up to the plate and pay the price so, I settled for 
Machspeed Trio 2 GB MP3 Player with Voice Recorder & Thumb Drive. GREAT PRODUC  
HP Photosmart Printer D7160. This printer is everything and more. It prints to 8.5x11 bleed, 4x6 and the Cartridges 02 are reasonable in a pack around 35.99 for 6 or 
Very useful. Holds lots of DVDs including title notes in very compact space, can use 3-ring binder to reorganize pages and switch between binders  
Best gaming mouse ever!. I have been playing HL based mods for at least 6 years now and have gone through a few mouses in my time. But this mouse 
This thing rocks!. I got one of these along with a Canon G7 for my wife for her birthday--she has been printing non-stop and the pics are amazing. Does it 
A cheap, and GOOD phone!. This phone would rate 5 stars, except that the volume control doesn t raise the volume noticeably. The sound quality is excellent, however. In fact, 
Heck, I bought two!. I originally purchased this unit for my girlfriend who had purchased a 26 720p Sharp LCD TV. The picture and sound were great over the HDMI 
Great dics. Great quality. We erased and filmed a few time on the same disc with no problems  
Loock Sofisticado. Me impresion su aspecto real, luce muy pero muy bien y la reproduccion de bajos desde mi AVR Pioneer VSX-D812 es excepcional. Es una pieza que d elegancia 
Personal Review. I am please with the Brother Fax-575 for what I need it for. I am in a Pool League and I need to fax our score sheet once 
Music. this prodcut was more than I expected it to be. Great product for the small price  
Perfect. This is a wonderful item. I upgraded my tablet and it is amazing! I had fast shipment, product was in great shape, and I love it.Thanks!  
Awesome Value!! Highly Recommend!. I bought this system recently after my Panasonic DVD Surround System broke. I was a little leary about this system since other reviewers have mentioned a 
Nice Firewire Enclosure. I used the enclosure with a Toshiba laptop hard drive and it is faster enough for me to edit DV over firewire if the drive is fairly 
Can t beat the price. Great scanner. I have taken the scanner plunge in the past year. I have had a handheld for emergencies and went down the route of 
Great battery charger. This charger works very well. So far I have charged 8 AA s. Don t expect a quick charge though; this is not a rapid charger. After 
Good device, but wastes too much tape. I ve had a PT-1280 for about six months now, and I m very happy with it. I like the qwerty layout, the 
Sleek compact radio- Good tuner and sound , needs SYNC. Hi folks , its Vince the radioman . I have a large collection of radios and I love to do 
EXTERNAL HARD DRIVE. Easy to use, big enough for the job. I bought this to make back ups of my hard drive, the software it comes with didnt work out 
Great product !. I love the rugged looks...Its awsome..I am using it on my 8 gb nano..It comes with a plastic screen protector which is cool !! Highly recommended..also I 
Works perfectly for me. I love this arm band. Easy to use. Has small holes for the earphones. Easy to use the scroll pad still. Comes with a storage spot 
Great but... The only cons I have with 3d navigator is the software compatibility. The 3dconexion web page isn t smart as it has to be, and to install the 
It does what it is intended to do. This is Yamaha s lowest-end portable keyboard stand. It s made for casual use, and to be light and PORTABLE. Light, portable 
a great phone. i bought this phone s cousin with the keypad, answering machine base for myself six months ago, and like it a lot. i ve since referred it 
Awesome!!!!. Simply blows away amps costing 2,000 . Sonic Impact s patented technology has amp makers in trouble. The sound is AMAZING, at a fraction of the cost of comparable 
Excellent Wireless N router!!! Easy to install and connect to. I ve used a Linksys and Netgear Wireless routers and the D-Link DIR-625 has been by far the best to 
I thought this was a white color. By looking at the images from web, I thought My Book Pro has white color. When I got it, it was a SILVER 
Good phone for the price. As expected from Motorola delivers great reception. 5.8 Mhz does not pick up interference from Wi-Fi or microwave. I use it as a cordless extension 
This bag RULES for scrapbooking!!!. Yes, I know - a little bit unconventional to use a laptop bag to tote my scrapbooking stuff around in, but we scrapbookers are like 
No problems with this one. Bought one of these last night to go with my new Sony KDL-40XBR2. The new TV isn t here yet. But I hooked it up 
Imation DISC Stakka. I had a pair of Century CD units which, while still operational, are now unsupported. Believe it or not, I needed more storage lots of home video, 
A sharp is really neat. Great TV. Use it every morning to watch the news as I drink my coffee and prepare for the day. No problems  
Great performance at reasonable price. I was in the market for a center channel speaker to replace an older JBL center speaker. Long term I would like to invest in 
Excellent, versatile product. everything it says it is and it s not as bulky as the adapters with large wires strung out the back of a oval looking hub. Slick 
boss audio BV6500 A . definitely the best receiver i have ever installed in my car-and this is in place of my alpine receiver. If you want clarity, this is 
A good joy stick. The Logitech Fredom 2.4 GHz Cordless Joystick was recognized by my Mac in true plug and play fashion. The action on the joystick is smooth and 
Excellent quality for the money - but could be better. I bought this stereo for my baby s room. I needed something unobtrusive, with decent sound and that didn t 
Music on a Budget. While 170 bucks might not sound budget priced , for the quality of this keyboard, you re definitely getting what you pay for. The affordable Keystation 
great flat panel lcd-tv. I am a dentist who uses these monitors as tv s for my patients to view while having dental procedure done. I have been very happy 
WOW!!!. I m surprised at the number of people on here who seem less impressed by this unit. I wonder if the new model works better than the old? At 
#1. Just how much memory do you need, well this is one way never to run out  
A little slow, but works great!. Just got this to work with our Canon MP960.Setup was a snap. If anything, it was too easy. The directions take you through the 
perfetto!!!. Lo gradisco molto. molto esatto e durevole. Recomend I esso a tutti i climbers della montagn  
Reliable Blank CD-Rs. I ve been using these Memorex CD-Rs for years and have no problems with their reliability. Have used them with multiple CD and DVD burners without compatibility 
Top 40 for the over forty . We received the Leadsinger kit last Christmas and have really enjoyed it a lot. My family ages are: 50 year old Dad Me 
Not Bad ... Better than Most. There are problems with the fit in the DC socket. But once you find a frequency free from static, this thing sounds great. Very 
Yes 5 . I could easily get into detail and spend all day debating about why I believe this is a good program to buy or I can set up 
Cool alarm clock. I bought this alarm clock for my boyfriend. He wanted an alarm clock that would allow him to awake to his ipod. He listens to it all 
Works Fine For Me. I hesistated purchasing the WGPS606 based on a couple technically sound arguments in other Amazon reviews. I d already had poor luck with a D-Link equivalent 
Just real Black ink. Like many inkjet users, I have tried to save some money by buying third party inks. Well there is such a difference it is amazing. My 
it does the job. with this device, not only am i experiencing the security of insuring my sensitive electronic equipment, but i have also noticed a lowering of the noise 
Neat little speaker!. The sound isn t the best, but what great sound for such a little speaker! This thing fits right in the pocket, is great on my desk 
A great little mouse for the price.. I was a little skeptical when buying this mouse.. I wasnt sure whether or not I would like the colors, or just be 
Nearly perfect... all in one solution... Well, after reading all the reviews I could find, I decided to take the leap and pay the extra for this leading edge unit. 
Garmin Review. I very much like the M4. The calender is easy to use and so is the gps system. The gps system will recalculate your route if you get 
Revolutionary Product for Guitarists. What I purchased is the GuitarPort a hardware device which acts as an interface between your guitar and computer bundled with an excellent music recording software 
Massive Memory For a Great Price. This tiny piece of plastic with metal contacts packs more whallop than you could imagine. Sure, memory geeks like me may find little things 
Just what I was looking for : . This is what I was looking for. A low profile mount for my Hitachi 42 plasma tv that is really strong for 
Texas Instruments TI-84 Plus Silver is good product. Texas Instruments TI-84 Plus Silver is a good product which can doso much. Great stuff  
Great Successess with no problems. I just finished a 25 package of the Memorex 4.7GB 4x DVD R Media and have reordered a 50 pack and 25 pack. All my 
Good solid headphones. I do like the way the cut out most of the outside noise. I am more careful when I have to cross a street. The sound is 
When you hear it s tiny, BELIEVE IT!. This is thing is really small for a memory stick. but it works like a charm. reviews say it is slow, but 
quiet, but effective. It fits under my TV perfectly. The dark gray matches the TV so it s practically invisible. And, most important, it swivels smoothly, doing the job it 
GREAT!. I have the one GB, the two GB and the 256 MB and I have been VERY happy with these jump drives! The jump drives are durable as one 
Go with the Experts. I researched this for some time. The experts compare this one with brand names such as Denon that sell for 5X the price. Personally, I can 
Works Fine. I have had no problems with the drive. I like the small size  
Awesome All-In-One. I had a Nuvi before this and loved it - Garmin makes the best GPS s - but didn t like having a seperate device for my XM 
Believe The Hype!. Remember back in the day when CDs first came out? I do: hi-fi shops and all my male relatives proudly did these demonstrations of scatching a cd, 
Works well. We bought a half dozen of these for work, and all have been problem-free. Having both USB 2.0 and Firewire adds flexibility, at least from the Mac end 
Easy to install, Easy to use. We found this stomper and software to be much better than the cheap buy it a the same place you by your calculator store 
Good purchase. Perhaps not as quiet as I expected, but a lot quieter than my other pc. Part of that is that I have a noisy hard drive - a 
Great little drive. A great price for a great little 2gb drive. I lost mine the other night and sure enough, found it in the dryer. It went through the 
Great stuff but too much curl. This product produces wonderful, lab-like 4x6 photos, but there is a curl that cannot be overcome. You ll need a good quality paper cutter 
I would buy again. I have a 40 Samsung LCD and wanted an arm that would both extend and also be able to hold 50 lbs or so. This arm 
Great PC card with very good range. I use two of these cards. I bought one for my neighbor to utilize my wireless Belkin network and have had no problems 
Stand good value. This Keyboard stand is very heavy duty and will most likely last forever it is convenient and con fit any keyboard I bet  
A GREAT WALL MOUNT!. This was a great wall mount for my 37 inch LCD TV. The instructions where very clear and easy to follow, it folds back to about 
Grundig G4000A Radio. This was a replacement of an identical radio I got over 10 years ago. Even though there has been a lot of progress in electronics, I find 
Owned these for two years - eventually broke. Just my two cents, I bought these from the sony store for 15 bucks two years ago, they ve lasted me this 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
cleans like a charm!. My CD player was very dusty and it would not play very clearly. I used this product and it helped greatly  
Good for storage... This is pretty good for storing the PDA and keyboard, but not functional for everyday use. I just use it to protect my PDA screen in my 
DVD Player Rocks. I have been thrilled with the quality of this player. I bought it for the HDMI connection High Definition Multi Media Interface . The player has performed 
Awesome streaming device. Pros far outweight the cons.Device is pitched as a v streaming tablet for kitchen, bedroom, living room, etc. It MORE than delivers on this promise. Email and 
Seems to work just fine. I have nothing to compare them to, but I bought 3 of these and they seem to do the job they are intended to do. 
But one thing they left out. The adapter!. As a professional copywriter, I might be overly critical of product descriptions that leave out some major information. For example, if you 
Great little drive. 120GB is just the right size to backup the 100GB disk on My MacBook Pro. I used the FW400 interface it comes with FW400, FW800, and USB2 
shower buddy. Love this product. IT can get splashed in the shower. Its easy to read stations and the time and looks good on the sill. Picks up radio stations 
Very pleased. Read all about cleaning solutions for my camera. very please I chose this one...did the job perfectly  
Vicks Warm Mist Humidifier. I purchased a Vicks Warm Mist Humidifier. My husband and I love it. I put in Vicks Vapo Steam when needed and turn it on. It 
Great Phone System, Range, and Clarity. I bought this phone and three expansion handsets about a year ago and couldn t be happier. The phones have the clarity of a 
OK but a few glitches. Unit arrived promptly yesterday from Tiger Direct. First thing I noticed was the plastic flap door which normally covers the hole where the disk goes 
Speedy. I ordered my new tv on a Monday and it was delivered Friday. Plus I live in North Dakota so we aren t exactly close to many major shipping 
Great Cases. These are the best cases that I have found so far. They are sturdy and don t break. I recently bought a different brand of cases and almost 
It works great so why stop making it?. I have had 2 Epson and 3 HP scanners in the past. This is by far the best. I had a lot 
Holds everything!!!. I love this CD wallet! It holds all my dvds in one spot. My apartment is small and so I decided to purchase this wallet to store all 
This machine works great if you are patient. I borrow library cds, most are so scratched up the don t play through with out skipping or worse. I had a 
Generally well-designed, though a few flaws. I ve had the Zire 72 for close to a year now and, considering it was priced in the mid-range, I m quite satisfied 
Great projector. I purchased this projector last year and have been nothing but happy with it. I have not used it s HDTV capabilities since I have no sources , 
Well Worth the Money!. These headphones sound as great as they look! Very comfortable too. The quality and workmanship are obviously a cut above many of the cheaper priced models 
DVD Protection. This backpack is well designed and seems to be made of durable materials.  
Great for the Price. Took a little time to assemble, but came out great. I always use woodglue in the seams that I can. The shelves do bow and the 
Works Great!. It seems that and SD card is an SD card. Although before purchasing this I found a better deal on one on Ebay... I bought 2 of them, 
Worth the money. This WorldWide charger is the best that i have ever used. I use this mainly for my camera. Nowadays I don t even bother to charge frequently.But 
professional and artistic. I love LightScribe! The final product is not only professional but artistic and very pleasing if done right. It by far beats the labels which do not 
No Coasters Yet. I have bought 50 and 100 pack spindles of Memorex and so far I have not had any problems. They work just fine on my Sony dvd 
better priced for amount of memory. It s a pain that Olympus uses proprietary format cards so you have a limited a choice of manufacturers. The least they can do 
good quality cable... I compared it with low cost Monoprice and high cost Monster cable. I picked up 10 cable for about 70.00 from Amazon few months ago. It s 
Convinced that Bose is a brand of Excellence. After several days of comparing speakers and reading testimonials we finally decided on these Bose 301s. We were replacing much larger but 
Undocumented button function is a PLUS. No one has yet mentioned that once you are in a PowerPoint presentation the left mouse button functions as a slide advance button. When 
good to use. This is a great tuner. I tune my guitar, and it sounds great. The red means it s not ready to play, and the green means you 
Best headphones for my difficult ears... I have NEVER found a pair of headphones that would stay put when running. Earbuds just won t stay in, and short of taping 
GREAT CARTRIDGE FROM A GREAT COMPANY. I have a Hewlett-Packard DeskJet 550C printer. The cartridges both color and black are so easy to install. They have you up and running 
Great little midi controller. I bought this midi controller mainly for playing with virtual synthesizers, but the uses for it are hardly limited to that. It works great so far, 
Archive your old video while you still can!. This is a simply amazing device. It is affordable, functional and nicely designed. I have waited many years to get this level 
FM Cup works well if you have firmware upgrade. I live in the Dallas - Fort Worth area, and in spite of what another reviewer in this area wrote I 
Olympus 2 GB Type M Xd memory card. Amazon had the best price by far that I could find on a 2 Gb Xd card, so I couldn t resist. 
Best case for iPod. I recently upgraded my iPod from a Photo to the Video. I had a Contour case that worked with the photo, which was basically the same 
Works very well. I have to admit that I was a bit skeptical about the almost no-name whitebox hardware. I was pleasantly surprised with how well these worked on several 
100 to 200. I used the Lightspeed 100 for about a year. Today I got the lightspeed 200 and what a great improvement it has made. The DTS sound on 
Great DLP TV but the Lamp is the Hidden Cost. I purchased it Oct. 2005 from another e-store at super price of 2443 shipped. Its a great unit but it 
Champion. This device might seem older to you than some of the fancier network multifunction printers; but I must say that the drivers are simple and don t take space 
Amazing Speed and Durability from Abusive College. Ruggedness:This thing takes a likin and keeps on tickin. I m a college student and wanted to be able to edit pictures on-the-go 
Great Sound; Bose will replace your old ear tips. I received these headphones for my I-pod for Christmas, and really do love the sound quality. However, I became very frustrated 
excellent quality and application. I tried this out to slim out my collections which has grown too unweildly, like many others here, I m sure. : What I really like 
why amazon slower than 3rd party delivery?. I ordered the keyboard and BF2 keypad combo for 53.The BF2 keyset comes from Tigerdirect and shipped immediatly.The Zboard shipped from Amazon took 
Why did Apple not ship with this adapter instead of the silly minidock?. Works great, costs less than replacement minidock.I used rigid rubber tubing to improvise a protector for the 
Just as advertised. Hey, RAM is RAM, right? It s in, it fits, it works. What more is there to say  
Perfect for Recording and Editing Work. I bought a pair of these M-Audio Studiophile DX4 speakers a week ago to pair with M-Audio s M-Audio FireWire Audiophile Digital Audio Interface 
Awesome TV !!. This set has all the features I expected 2 HDMI s and plentiful inputs,output jacks for amplifier,DVD VCR etc that one would want to work through this 
cheap, works great. plug and play installation on winxp. the fifth port is kind of useless because it s on the inside, but it s still cheaper than most of 
Work good, not great. Limited range for rear surround. Will work great in a smaller room  
Very Good. It took me awhile to get used these,have to explore all the different tips I was about to give up on a good fit, finally I found how 
Works well. I have purchased this one in order to use with my computer, to record speech. The only disadvantage is that this is a mono microphone, so whatever you 
nice but... Very nice design reminds me of Krystof Kintera s art works but it takes some practice to learn which place on the mouse corresponds to which button, especially 
Silicon sleeve. This armband was certainly the right price. I use it everytime I work out at the health club. I never have to remove it to charge the nano. 
Works as advertised. Ordered this product from Battery King Amazon Market Place . The charger has no brand markings, probably an OEM product that is being sold directly. The charger 
Best reciever out there. I ve had this receiver for a few weeks now and I love it. Great sound and auto switching video output to my HDTV. Could not 
Does Everything Needed. Replaced a Belkin USB hub with this one as the Belkin had always been a bit suspect. The Kensington has functioned just fine. The hemispherical shape is 
Excellent projector. I m really amazed about the quality of this projector,vivid color & nice contrast ,you will not regre  
Great Value. The Garmin Forerunner 101 may be the entry level for Garmin but it packs all the necessary information to enhance any level of runners workout. I was suprised 
I love Buffalo. I ve been using Buffalo networking products for about 5 years now. They ve grown considerably since that time, but their products are still great. And their 
Better for distance than close up. As stated above; this mic on my camcorder {Sony VX2100} is better in the tele mode than normal. #1. because my on-board mic is 
Very pleased. I use these speakers as my front speakers for my home theater, and I amvery happy with them, I recently added a Hsu subwoofer to my system and 
Easiest camera I ve ever used. I ve had a number of digital cameras in my day but this one was so easy to use right out of the box 
my first amazon purchase. I couldn t believe how easy it was to shop at home, you can shop and compair all of the high-def sets. The Toshiba 37 was 
Worked Well. I bought this product not to long ago because i was using an older computer with only 2 usb ports. When I saw other prices they were pretty 
Sony MHCEC70 Mini Shelf System. This is an awesome little system for the size. It was easy to set up, even for an electronically challenged person like myself. A lot 
Great, must have for workouts!. Unlike the armband that comes with the player this one is well designed and looks that will last for a long time.  
Replacing your old cables worth every penny!. If you want to get the very best out of your video equipment, definitely upgrade your cable to Monster cables. We couldn t 
Everything we expected!. We researched at length prior to purchasing. And this was the first time we had purchased anything this dollar value online or at Amazon. I must say 
Best PC Joystick in the market now. This has got to be the best looking and best performing joysticks out there for the PC. Not only is the performance and 
Very Nice. I love the look of this cabinet. It s a sturdy cabinet on carpet and on regular floor. The outer parts of it are solid. My problem with 
Very good deal!!!!. I was unsure when I saw this item.... Nonetheless, I purchased it heck for 2gig for 20 with shipping why not? I was ever so delighted when 
Very Good Case. This is the first universal case I ve gotten, so I have no experience with any other cases. It works great for my needs. I was looking 
Awesome!. Okay, I have seen just about all of the available iPod video cases as of Jan, 2006 and searched high and low for one with a lanyard. This case 
A Piece of cake to install, this thing works great. Apple products have been consistently solid for me, and this one is no exception. I simply opened the side of 
A good deal for the money, but... The only problems I found with this player are that the display is very small and hard to see if you are optically 
Excellent speaker. Upgraded my surround sound system from the micro speakers that came with my Sony str-k750p and the results are incredible.Bought the 550 series for center and front L 
Great Storage Item!. I bought this product on the basis of other reviews I have seen for it and I must say, IT DOES NOT DISAPPOINT! For the price you 
STREET PILOT ..............Has Saved My Marriage!. This Garmin GPS is absolutely phenomenal. Voice directions are clear not robotic. Waypoints are easy to load. Red light camera proximities can be set 
Paragliding with Foretrex 201. I have found this tool invaluable for paragliding. I get an accurate altitude and speed as well as many other great features. The bird crumb trail 
Superb. Excellent product. Despite people s recommendations I prefer this small size for photo retouching, I find with the larger tablets my arm was touching the tablet and getting in 
XM Satellite Radio Connect-and-Play. The item was shipped very quickly. The company also actually took the the time to call and let me know the item was shipped. I will 
CASIO G-Shock Watch. Great product, great price. I was disappointed in the cost of shipping. 33 Watch and nearly 10 to ship not overnight . I could have purchased from 
Garmin GPSMap 76 A Great Hand-Held Device. This is a great gps, especially for marine purposes. I searched around and researched before deciding on purchasing the gpsmap 76. I find 
Great Keyboard. I really like this key board. I find it to be verys responsive and unlike some other reviewers I haven t found that I have to press the 
Terk FM Pro. This antenna works very well for weak FM reception. I find that for best performance you must move the antenna to its sweet spot to pinpoint the 
Beautiful prints and easy to use. This printer was very easy to use. Just pop in the cartridge, paper, and plug in the camera. The camera has to be a 
I like this detector. I ve used various metal detectors off and on for many years. While I would certainly not classify myself as a hardcore-detecting hobbyist, I do try 
It is what it is... Very pleased with this item.. Easy to use and it arrived quickly. Nero has tons of templets, so if you re looking for CD lables 
Cheap and fast. On sale, paid about 50 shipping free instead of 70 for retail boxs. Will not need refill for a long time  
MV-STAT3 Universal LCD Plasma Wall Mount. Once out of the box, I could tell the mount was well made. It was super easy to install, and once mounted, it really 
Fantastic product for the price. I just purchased one for our FCP system iMac at work and now I m purchasing another one for my home system I have a 
Awesome. Awesome price, good packageing, fast delivery from Abacus24-7 and works great. Exactly what I wanted, hassle free , cheap, quality product. thanks  
CANON INK WORTH THE MONEY. Recently, I tried to save money by buying off-brand ink tanks. Never again! One leaked and the other ran out in record time. I ve 
It is paying for itself..... I received it as a gift last year and never got a ticket since. I am very happy with it and I bought another one 
near perfection at a great price!. The Sandisk reader is impossible to misuse. It loads quickly and it s compact shape offers most options for memory. It can be mounted 
Works as advertised. I finally got around to buying an iPod car charger. And guess what? It charges my iPod. : Seriously, I found this to work great. No electrical 
amazing add on for youre rino!. I love this accesorie, I dont understand how garmin sell rinowith out it! Good things:-it comes with two, so you could use one for 
Made jogging fun.. And that is saying something. This plus a Nano is the ideal road companion  
The best !!!. What can I say, I bought fantastic mp3 player. Excellent sound, very good design maybe player is a little bit too big for some people, but i 
Great deal great performance. The monitor is super bright and had no dead pixels upon shipment. Huge improvement over a tiny and dim laptop screen. Under 200 at most Sam 
awesome. i have this cable plugged into my sirius satellite radio from my car stereo. just make sure your car stereo has AUX ports. much better audio quality than using 
CD Shelf Cures Free Fall. The cd shelf with its some assembly works fantastically. It s very well made, no more do my cds fall and hit me in the 
Smallest and cheapest. Great! it can hold mp3, high resolution pictures, applications, messages, everything!!! withuot boundaries!  
Comfort. If you want comfort, this is for you. I have one at work and home and my wrist loves me again  
Good product but some design flaws. As others have said, this is a great product. But the obvious design flaws for the on off slide switch and the earphone plug 
BEWARE OF ELECTRONICA DIRECT..... Few words about the product: Greatest phones one can ever own. Nothing comes even close to sound quality and comfort ability of these phones. Pricey but 
CD-R Media. This product has not had any flaws from day 1! Quality is great  
Yamaha PKBB1 Portable Keyboard Bench. I bought this bench for my husband to go with his Yamaha keyboard. He loves it. It sits comfortably and really does hold under pressure. 
Works well so far. I ve had this phone less than a week, but I have been pleased with it s performance so far. The set up was somewhat tricky, 
A gadget worth keeping. I bought this couple of months back and i find it a really good gadget. about it plays from 1st song everytime, i didnt ecounter that, 
Great box. Easy to use, very sturdy, doesn t skip...perfect for someone looking for a more heavy duty player  
So glad I finally gave in!. I had no idea that Martha Stewart recommends these things that might have kept me from buying one actually ! I ve seen them 
Great discs!. I have purchased 100 about to be more of these particular discs and have had only one coaster bad burn thus far. I am using a Dell Inspiron 
Fellowes Foot Rest. While I wish there was more adjustment available for the height, the overall product is just what I need  
Worth the money for HDTV performance!. As the PS2 does not have HDMI outputs for High-Definition TV s, the Monster Cable GameLink 400 component cable is the next best thing 
iGuidance Version 2.1.2 for Pocket PC. Overall this product is pretty amazing. But it s not perfect so that s why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.The good:Set 
Great features. This unit combines large storage with a very small size the comparisons to a Bic lighter are appropriate . It s also incredibly quick and easy to transfer 
Easy as watching TV. I am using this product with a MacBook Pro Core 2 Duo 2.33 15 with 2g ram:After reading the reviews on antennas, I found a used 
My first mp3 player. I do really like this mp3 player. It fits a lot of music and you can add pictures too. Though the screen is quite small to 
To sum it up in one word... SWEET Uhhh... read on. This is a great piece of technology and you should consider it before you go off and buy an 
Good but not Perfect. Digiview RC61ELW is a compact, affordable atomic travel clock with a lot of functionality. My only complaint is the AM PM sign on the alarm setting 
Love it!. After reviewing cordless phones and looking at them, We picked this one based on consumer report and buyer reviews in addition to features and looks of course. We 
A high-quality, affordable home-office option. As my home office was becoming increasingly cluttered, I began to consider an all-in-one machine to replace my Epson 1220 scanner, my HP 1200 B&W 
Great monitor for the price... Got monitor a few days ago and have hooked up comcast cable via composite, a mac via hdmi-dvi cable , and a progressive scan dvd 
Great Product. This mount really holds to the window and is easy to release when necwssary. It is very versitile but could use at least one more swivel point.  
Sony ECM-T6 is GREAT for the price!. Understandably, the other reviews express their disappointment in the fact that the mic does not come with a battery - so you ll 
works well. I easily attached this to my desktop to increase my reception, and it did just that. I would like it to have a longer cord so I can 
Good Wifi AP. This is a good basic WiFi access point. I ve bought many. Easy to set up and use. It occasionally disconnects, but a firmware upgrade usually fixes 
Fun and Mini FM! . I love my iPod, and what s more I love iTunes especially since I have gotten a broadband connection. One of the things I like 
AS6C 6 speakers. I haven t tried the speakers, yet. I m building a house and will install the speakers throughout  
Great sound for the investment!. When I first considered upgrading my 2-channel Sony stereo system to a home theater unit, I read all of the reviews on the Amazon and 
Ink is ink. What can I say, it s an ink cartridge. You get a lot of pages out of it, its great quality, and thats about it  
Comparing Sangean HDR-1 with Boston Acoustics Recepter Radio HD. de K0UNX. I know radios.A year ago I purchased the Boston Acoustics Recepter Radio HD, one of the few available at 
Targus handheld combo case. The case is nice, but I bought it thinking it would hold my folding keyboard. It was too small. The price was great, and the transaction 
HP 92, 93, 99 Cartridges - Best Deal. I found these cartridges to be competitively priced on the manufacturer s site. That surprised me. They threw in a package of 
low budget high technology jvc home theatre. Had a limited budget. Rolling Stone magazine, gave this home theatre in a box; a solid review. A low cost system with HDMI. 
Great product, ships fast!. I love the Nike iPod Sport. It makes running more enjoyable and tracking your progress easier. I am now competing my run times online with my 
Same price as most stands but better quality. I had looked at numerous stands for my Yamaha keyboard and didn t want to spend a ton of money for a 
A great product at a great price!. Extreamly easy to setup and operate. Best of all, it doesn t need yet another wall transformer to power it. The little power 
Performs as respresented. I use with Belkin F5D8230-4 Wireless 802.11x Pre-N Router.Fast with excellent range.Easy installation if instructions are carefully followed  
verrry goood. the microsoft zune....such a contrivertial productwell let me start with thisi like it better than the ipod don t get riled up it s my opinioni think the 
It does the job. I purchased this item for an older 27 inch television about 3 months ago. I hooked my dvd player up to the unit and forgot all 
Nyko Universal Car Mount for iPods. Slick device that clips on to the dashboard vents, presenting the iPod at nearly eye level for easy viewing and operation. Nicely styled, and 
Remote Control Extender. Worked as stated, worked well from a distance. Best remote extender I ve owne  
Finally, Free True HDTV Programs. I got one few months ago, canceled cable service, now I am watching over-the-air, and most importantly, free local network HDTV programs. I got enough 
Not bad for the price!. I bought this little guy to backup my music, videos, and important documents, etc...before I format my hard drive to reinstall Windows.Once I got the 
Great. First of all, let my point out that mine came with demos of crimson skies and mech assault and the full version of xbox classic arcade. Mine was new 
really great product. We are very happy with the iLuv dvd player. The only thing we would change is that we would like to be able to watch the ipod 
VERY nice little unit. I can t find a single thing to complain about. This little thing has EXCELLENT battery life WAY more than an IPOD . This is an 
Excellent for price. This reader is very convenient. Fits in my camera case, and can be plugged into USB on PC anywhere. Pc will recognize it right away and ready 
Nice Product!!!. I bought this product mainly for my girlfriend to use on my computer. I find myself using it most of the time, now! The mouse is great, lost 
Buy it, you ll like it!. I bought this two months ago because my old STR-DA80ES speaker output failed and it would ve cost about 250 and three weeks to 
Excellent iPod case. This case was a present for my fiance and she absolutely loves it. It keeps the iPod well secure and you can even dock it with it 
Impressive. I purchased this keyboard for my daughter, who outgrew her smaller one and needs a full size keyboard with weighted keys. My most important concern was that the keys 
Exactly what you d expect. I bought this for use in my Palm T|X to store files. I ve had it for about a month, but there have been no 
Good label printer. We use this printer with a dental practice management software package. The Dymo LabelWriter works well, is supported by the software and is relatively inexpensive. We have 
This is a great headset. I bought six of these units and have them installed in a customer service area. They are easy to install and do no interfere with 
Lexar Media MULTI CARD READER. Easy to hookup and Windows XP displays the drives of the Lexar. Easy to drag and drop files into the drives. Highly recommended  
DAVE GONIA LOVES EET!. I use these things for the LAN parties I go to. The price to quality ratio is fantastic. I have broken a few pairs, but I 
A case that actually works well. For those whom this may concern, this case also fits the iPod 30GB Photo. The case isn t as tight as people describe it 
so far so good. Have had this product for about 2 weeks. It takes up almost no desk real estate and I love the 2 ports on the top for 
It s time to make the jump. If you are still watching tv in standard definition then you re really missing out on all the free available HD content out 
Excellent purchase ... The initial flash card that came with my camera was far too short to save pictures. When I went surfing for another flash card with some depth, 
Good basic quality. The M-Audio 2496 works well for my purposes. It is easy to install and use, and the overall sound is great.I highly recommend it  
Excellent purchase ... The initial flash card that came with my camera was far too short to save pictures. When I went surfing for another flash card with some depth, 
Panasonic just misses. This Panasonic is all right, except I would die to get my old Sony system back. They just don t have the sound quality at Panasonic that 
Wait!!!. The CD trays are a little flimsy, but this audio system really packs a whollop. The sound is excellent. For the price, it has a lot of features, such 
High priced but found cheaper. These remote sets work great but dont buy them new....I purchased one on eBay for 16 dollars  
Amazing product and a little help in using it! . i love this waterproof case and my iriver mp3! . i swim laps w it every day, and yes my 
Works as advertised - wish I had this sooner!. Needed a fast AA charger to charge up NiMH batteries for my camera s flash unit, and did a bit of 
So far, so good!. I wanted a sturdy machine that uses ink affordably, feeds paper accurately and reliably, and not too slow. I didn t need color. This machine fit 
Great product. This works so well and so quietly that I am going to buy a bigger one for another room in my house  
Converting LPs with Numark. The Numark turntable is the perfect machine for my needs. It plays either through a stereo system, or directly onto the computer be careful to remember 
Excelent!!!. Amazing product, I scanned more than five hundred business cards in 3 hours, at least 95 of them without any mistake when transfering the card s information to the 
Awesome headphones!. I really love these headphones. I have an IPOD and the I don t like them as they keep coming off. These headphones stay put! I plant to 
Pleased as punch!. After a bit of research I decided to increase my budget a bit to get an LCD w HD. I m so glad I did. Toshiba didn 
Great price, great set - zero major complaints!. I m not big on writing reviews, but I certainly enjoy and appreciate reading them, so i figure it s only fair 
Great laptop bag for an overnight trip. I ve had this bag for almost a year now and I couldn t be happier with it. I don t use it 
DO the JOB. These headphones are very good for running as they are light and they go around your ears. They are good for sports in general but lack in 
Great product and great price. I didn t want to spend a lot on a GPS. I extensively researched this product on line. After reading the great reviews, I decided 
I use this on the Sirius One unit. I bought this because I have the Sirius One in my car. Didn t want to buy another receiver and subscription for 
Tivol AM FM, top firing, clock radio. Greatest Kloss works sounds since his 1970 s KLH, well done. Thx. D  
Why didnt I discover this a long time ago? I mean it is monster. Ok. I just got a big screen, Dlp, t.v. I had not gotten around to picking 
Greatest. Bag. Ever. So much space, incredibly ergonomic, great look. I am the envy of my friends with this puppy. If you need a backpack, get this one! I mean 
It has all what you need!. This mouse has never let me down. Really works on most of the surfaces  
Of Mice for Men this one is Great. This is a great mouse. The size is perfect because it isn t too big or too small. Also, the battery lasts 
Works as advertised - light inexpensive alternative to laptop in the field. The Digimemo 692 Digital Notepad made sense to me for several reasons; 1 it is cheap - 90 
Nice drive and handsome too!. The drive is very adequet, USB 2 not a zippy as firewire obvioisly but all and all is is a really good deal  
Good system at a good price. I purchased this after a long search. Owning a Jwin iLuv i277, I was happy with the somewhat cheap products the company puts out. 
Oversight?. First, let me say that this is an excellent product. It is well made and once mounted correctly you could hang a truck on it. However, one thing not 
Outstanding home theater. I ve used the Bose 3-2-1 GS Series II DVD system for over six months now. The DVD unit is outstanding and possessed all the inputs outputs 
E2 free fall two stores and in to a puddle. I didnt think twice when getting this with my dad s new E2.two weeks later he forgot the second palm 
Would be a 5 if the holding system was better. I like this binder. It s great for organizing all our DVDs and it cuts down on the amount of 
cant beat it for the price. just recieved mine the other day....just love it...easy to figure out...fits on the windshied.....we love it...great on my motor hom  
Works fine, good buy. I went from the first version of the Audigy2 to this. And it did increase my performace a tiny bit. My old card was going out 
Wow, I underestimated this one, nice printer. I thought this would be just be an average printer but the quality is very good. A great basic printer for printing documents 
Awesome. This adaptor is great, especially for the price. Installation was as easy as it gets, right out of the box. I had it up and running through a WEP-enabled 
pretty good printer!. I really like this printer! Very glad I dumped my HP in favor of this. Most of the other reviewers have covered everything, but I wanted to 
Very handy and easy to use digital MP3 player. This was one of the two players I purchased The other being a Samsung YP-MT6X, also 512mb . I like both, 
Works with Win98!. My biggest concern when looking for a card reader was that it work on my Win98 not SE machine. Ive only used it with Compact Flash but 
10-4. This is an easy to use fantastic portable hand held radio, I use it on my off road activities. Works very well, good range loud and clear sound with 
Excellent value. In my opinion, DLP units currently offer the best value if you re going large . You can t find a quality LCD Plasma unit at near this 
Fuji Rules. Great card, crisp clear shots. Fuji continues to provide the best in pic. cards.  
floorstanding speakers. My system is bumpin without these speakers, so i just bought them for the looks. They look amazing with my new couches. When i hooked them up, I 
Good Value LCD. I got the TV plug it in and it worked. Very easy to set up. The picture is good. You have to point the remote precisly need 
Cartridged Right. I just recently purchased a Lexmark Z615 printer for my computer, and it is one of the most simple and easy to use printers I ve ever made 
A great addition to my desk. Just perfect! This makes labels easily, quietly and quickly. It really helps me stay organized without roadblocks. I used to have a handheld labeler, 
Onkyo SR604. Receiver works great - Movie effects are awesome - Very happy with the product  
Excellent Sound, Need to get used to them. I am very impressed with the sound quality of the Ear buds. The bass response is suburb and the mids and highs 
replacement battery. I shot several hundred pictures at a wedding with a battery grip and 2 of these batteries and did not have a single problem with power  
Great reception. I live in chicago and yes channel 2 sucks but then I got this to solve the problem.Bingo!cable is too much and theres nothing you cant download off 
Great Receiver. This receiver has more than enough power for my needs, and it also has more features than I need today.The instructions are easy to understand, and you are 
Excellent!. Very good product and surprise that I can get 2500 photos with this! The price is lower than most stores..  
Great Pictures. It took a lot of searching before I decided to purchase a good printer and this one is a great one. The pictures are clear and they print 
A very solid LCD. This my first HDTV and so far so good. The picture quality is very good. The sound quality is not as good as I had hope. 
I love this card. My PC is eMachines T3114 AMD Sepron 3100 , 1.80GHz; Windows XP Home Edition Version 2002 . I just followed the manual to install the card. 
easy and simple. This is a great product. After reading the reviews I was a little hesitant to purchase this product. Got the box last nite and opened it this 
Surprised by how well it works!. We have a HD antenna in our attic that pulls in OTA HDTV signals with no problem but amazingly, it doesn t get any 
excellent!!. the cam is good...it has a special feature to show the person object by automatic adjustment...and a very good part abt it is, it has a built in mike 
no complaints. What is there to say?...it s great ink. I use it in my Epson 2200. My only wish would be the cost being lower. :  
Excellent Splitter. I purchased two Monster splitters to replace some RadioShack brand splitters I had on my home cable TV setup. One splitter resides outside my house splitting the cable 
Larger Size Has More Value. This is the larger size color cartridge. Your better off getting this size so you spend less time changing ink cartridges. Never had a problem 
Best Compact Flash. Sandisk CF is all I use.I have never had a problem. One card went through the wash and still works perfectly  
A great buy!. I like my Whistler.I was going uphill and it went off. About a mile and a half down the hill was a Highway Patrol car hiding in 
great headphones!. these headphones are the greatest! they will not fall off my ears almost no matter what i do. these are great headphones by sony. they have great sound 
Love watching DVD s in 1080i. Can t say enough of this machine. I view all DVD s in HiDef now and that is a BEAUTIFUL thin  
A necessity for an automobile gps. What a great plus for anyone who uses their GPS for their car. I bought this antenna for my StreetPilot III. As I opened 
Handy Dandy. This holder was perfect for my friend s mini disc player. He loves it and that best part now he can work out by strapping to his arm 
Definitly worth the money. I didnt buy this for myself, but my husband who is an avid gamer.I cannot go by personal experience, but I can tell you, he hasnt 
Lots of storage, good price, a bit slow. I bought this for my Canon Digital Rebel XT to lower the price point on additional GBs of storage. Works great for 
THE BEST MP3 PLAYER. MY SISTER BROUGHT A CREATIVE ZEN FOR HERSELF AND DID NOT KNOW HOW TO WORK IT SHE GAVE IT TO ME ,LOVED IT THEN WENT ON 
nice little tv. I bought this tv for use in a computer room kid s playroom and it works nicely. I looked at several similar models and was drawn to 
Holy Crap!. I am new to the world of electric guitars, but have been playing acustic for a couple of years now. So I bought a new Fender Stratocaster, and 
The GPS You ve Been Looking For. Fantastic portable GPS unit. Crystal clear, bright, wide screen display is the best on the market. The current leg of the directions is 
Good Case. Protects gps pretty well. Didn t give it the extra star because of the wide loop. It s a little too wide to use it with a biner 
For the price - a good buy. For the price this is a great all round machine. I use it a lot for my home business. Yes it has a 
GE Sanyo Rechargable Batteries. These are very good batteries. I charged those in my La Crosse BC-900 Charger. The following were the results after first charge.The four AAs rated 2700mAh 
Fantastic HD flat panel. First off, you can ignore this warning above:CONSUMER ALERT: This TV has an analog broadcast tuner and will require a converter box after February 17, 2009 
Great tool to digitize music from your tapes & vinyl records. Have been using iMic for the past 3 months. It is a neat product with ease of use. It 
This is my second pair. They are great. Like I said above, I am on my second pair of these. The first pair made it over two years of daily 
Cheap, Easy to Use, Great MP3 Yield for LP s. Great product for the low price.Lack of documentation for Pyro but it is self explanatory.Hardware is wellmade and easy to 
NOT BAD. FOR THE PRICE OF THIS KEYBOARD STAND, IT S A BARGAIN. I HAVEN T HAD ANY PROBLEM WITH IT BUT ALSO DON T USE IT A GREAT AMOUNT. 
Great & Cheap!. These speakers are completely amazing! They can get real loud, without that annoying static sound or rumbling most speakers do from the vibrations. Its wires are long 
LOVE IT!!. I had been going through optical mice at a rather alarming rate.They were inaccurate and undependable! I am not a gamer , but even us task oriented computer 
Sirius SP-H2 Sportster Satellite Radio Home Docking Kit. A great way to enjoy satellite radio in the comfort of home  
Got It In 2 Days But.... I didnt realize that you have to use your USB cord with the charger. That is a huge downside to me  
Great speakers for the price. The best feature of these speakers is the price. For 100, I m very satisfied. They look good on the wall as surround speakers as 
Excellent Player At A Bargain Price. I bought the Sony first but was unhappy with the picture in 1080i. The picture on the Panasonic just looks better. If not for 
Poor Man s MP3 CD player. After reading reviews on this and other products, I decided to go with the Dual XDM-6820. I got it from Amazon for 79 and 
Panasonic handset. The Panasonic 5.8 telephone system is the best we ve ever had, and meets all our needs and expectaions  
One of the best all-in-one printers I have owned. This is one of the best all-in-one printers I have owned. I previously would only buy HP printers, however, my last 
Outstanding photo quality. I ve had this printer over a month now. I have a Fujifilm S602 digital camera. The quality of the photos, whether 4x6 or 8.5x11, is excellent. 
A lot of space at a great price. This is a great buy because I have a lot of space. I use the card on my Digital Camera and I 
Purchaser. The TV was rated highly in consumer reports and I have been very satisfied with the purchase. The HD picture is great as well as the standard signals  
Enough Memory. Witht this memory card you will not miss anything.Lot of space and fast storage for your continuos shooting  
Excellent System for Price. If you want a budget home theater system for under 200 there is probably not many systems better then the Sony HT-DDW700. This system is ideal 
Best Headphones I ve Ever Used. After using my iM716s for about 4 months now I have a few things to say about them.1 Price: Lists for 199 on Altec 
20.00!!! You can t go wrong on this. Musicfriends, This is a fab item - For 20.00 You can t go wrong on this. Warm distortion and good controls. For 
Amazing photos!. I ve used the HP A516 Compact Photo Printer for about a month now. I got it on sale at Christmas for 50. What a great deal! A 
Great sound. Purchased the surround bar about 3 weeks ago. Very nice sounds.. I m happy with it - with one reservation.The advertising leads one to believe that the surround 
Great cable at a reasonable price. Excellent performance,as expected, for a reasonable price. The color matches my PC and cable setup, so it does not stand out as a sore 
Great Boom Box. This is an excellent boom box if you want to be able to take your SkyFi out of your car and put it in the house or 
WOW!!. I really had my doubts but this stuff is AMAZING! I got it for my husbands new i580 cell phone outside window had deep scratches . We were shocked 
Nice Speakers From a Trusted Company. While JBL s speaker performance hasn t been quite as awe inspiring as the products from companies like paradigm and definitive technology, they have 
It does the job. I use the GPS unit for when I go out geocaching and it works great. The map detail is so much better compared to the 100 
The Perfect Add On For Your Camera. The SanDisk SDSDH-1024-901 is absoultely worth the extra money if you love to take many pictures without worrying about how many pictures are 
Great Little optical Mouse. Your Mac needs at least a two button mouse and this is the one. Good for laptops when traveling and great on my eMac at home! 
pricey, but worth the extra . This is a great switch, clear quality, no interference, analog as well as digital audio.Drawbacks:dosen t include cables aside from power so you have 
U3 1Gig MP3 by Cowon. This is first time i got mp3 player from Cowon and i m very impressed with the quality of this little mp3 player. First thing 
Toshiba Portable DVD Player. I love this product. I would highly recommend it. Havent had a problem ye  
Great for the office!. I purchased this speaker system for my office, and it s perfect. It s very compact and comes with a carrying case and international plugs. You 
GREAT VALUE!. Let s face it. Most audio cables are WAY over-priced Monster in particular ! These are priced where they should be and provide very satisfactory performance at the 
Good. Have been using it for 1 month, good product overall, good picture quality, good sound, price is fair and DVD player is a great feature. Only complain is that 
Priceless. Went searching for a two outlet surge protector mainly just to protect my CD player and use the other outlet for my headphone amp when I discovered that it 
Totally Reliable. This router has worked great for the past year. We have 3 Linux computers connected to DSL through it.One PC is at the far end of the house. 
Good people to do business with. I ordered a fuji E550, very nice camera, everything that was supposed to be with it was. Happy with the way it was packed 
Looked brandnew when I took it out of box. Very happy with this product, Im waiting on my ac adaptor, but i had a brand new pack of batteries,put them 
First impressions. I bought the IM5 because my video ipod wouldnt fit in the IM3 mini ipod or nano only . I could attach it but wouldnt charge the ipod 
Meets Expectations -- Good Value for Price. These are neither the best, nor the worst ear buds I ve owned, but for the price, they are excellent. The twist to 
Video Express met my needs. Great product for getting all those old home videos on DV  
HUGE but s l o w... Note: Though this is definitely the card I ordered, the one that arrived wasn t labeled as transcend but as topram . Not sure 
Excellent drive. I got this for backing up my data. It is very fast and easy setup. It looks nice on your desk too.  
Works great with Canon 350D Rebel Xt . I m not beholden to the SanDisk brand, and did quite a bit of research, and the overall reviews tend to point 
Why didn t I get these before?. Combined with the Dymo Labelwriter series of label printers, these clear labels are a solution to so many label needs, I cannot fathom 
Almost perfect... This is a great little player. All of the songs are very clear sounding. We couldn t use Napster though, it kept saying that it wasn t compatible. 
Bangin DVD storage system. Everyone talks about DVD storage, I assume that everyone is talking about DVD movies. But what about those damn PS2 demos we gamers get every month, 
Very Pleased. I am still trying to figure out how to work all the dials with the time, alarm. But the quality of the speaker system is excellent. I have 
Over 2 Years, Still Going Strong. I bought this card reader in Feb. 2004 to use with SD cards. Since then I have moved over to CF cards Sandisk Ultra 
Perfect for Skiing - Just turn it on and go. Initial start up couldn t be easier. Seems to be very accurate I checked it for 200 miles against the 
Good keyboard, some design flaws. Overall, this keyboard is great. Here are what I like about it:1. I can fly on this key due to it s relatively soft keys 
Good product. I use this center channel speaker almost daily for regular TV, and about once a week, it gets turned up pretty loud. For home use on a decent 
good. i dont speak english, i am from Paraguay..your product is verry good... thanks  
Faster than expected!. Second order - and it arrived sooner than expected in time for our early Christmas celebration! Very dependable! Don t need all the cords but the price 
Best DVD player I ve ever owned. I ve had this DVD player for over two years now and it has worked perfectly even with the scratched up DVDs you 
Tested on an apple Ibook. Great for my apple Ibook, i have tried different product an this is the best so fa  
Sonos Customer Service is Amazing. I own two of these and have ordered a third, so I ll have six units and three controllers, putting music and convenience throughout the 
Easy. This GPS is a snap to use very intuitive. The display is great and choice of voices can be entertaining  
Fun and easy to use. I can easily forgive this labeler for its waste of tape. As I ve never had a labeler that didn t waste tape! The features 
Put this item in perspective. There are some real morons typing reviews for this guitar.This is by no means a high quality professional guitar and don t expect it to 
The return of the master... It was the next logical step in the evolution of the iPod: a color screen. While this was an expected step, most rumor sites were 
Great Time Saver!. We play Scrabble every day and the Franklin Scrable Compainon has helped speed the game up. We also use it to practice our spelling. A great product 
EASY install set up, GOOD docs, works right out of the box. The system where I store backups and archives failed. I needed SOME way to access the data on 
Great memory, a little pricey. Sony memory, works perfectly with my k790a phone. Too bad about the price, other manufacturers 1gb cards don t cost 50. But nobody else makes 
Good experience. Item works perfectly fine. A little slow on the shipping, so I suggest getting the faster shipping with the purchase of your item. My experience could not have 
Sony WM-FX197 Walkman. I have been using this walkman for about two months and I haven t had any problems. The quality of sound is very decent. The batteries last 
Best Digital Music System for the Home. If the IPOD is the best portable player, then the Sonos is the by far the best Music System for the Home..  
Dymo s are great. Realize that you can use the regular address labels for nice looking file folders as well, just fold over. Product works exactly like ordered. I like 
Product came fast and in the original package. very good working. The product came promptly and I was very impressed that it was sealed and in packaging. the card works 
Valuable Price and Durable Product. The Price is very good for a beginner  
Glad I purchased this!!!. This is a great alternative to hardwiring your car for your ipod...if that is even an option. Great sound quality! Highly recommend if you have a 
great product, works very well for me. I was surprised to see the results the prior reviewer had in using these music CD-Rs. I have been using the Maxell CD-Rs 
Good Value - Works as advertised. I shopped around for an HDMI cable that was long enough for my particular setup. I was skeptical that this cable would actually work, 
Great field device. The 530 has tremendous capabilities, and works well. Easy to learn and use. Have had some lock-ups that required the battery to be removed and reinserted. Operations 
Perfect fit. I think this bench is just perfect for my needs.  
Excellent Computer Speakers. If you use these speakers for listening to music, blasting it up in computer games, or even if your a digital vidio audio editor, these will be 
useful. I like to use an armband when I run and realy did not like all the excess cord. It took a little time, but once I figured the best 
8mdw80cl mini discs. sent quickly and nicely packaged. these will do the job for those desiring a shorter recording program  
Great Product and Price. I use this in my laptop with Microsoft Street with GPS. It works great when you have multiple USB with only one port  
What a deal!. This refurbished keyboard was a great deal. I had another basic keyboard that died but this Yamaha has many more features and my daughter really enjoys the 
Perfect for a Dell Dimension L733R. As the product title states, I purchased this for a customer s Dell Dimension L733R. She needed to upgrade the RAM a bit, and 
substantial construction, long cable. This cable was just what I needed to connect my stereo to my computer s sound card across the room. I ve been converting old LPs 
I am very pleased. These speakers are very good especially for the price. I can use them outdoors when the weather is nice and I haven t had any problems 
A nice little player, but could be better. I bought this unit as a supplement to my ipod. It is used exclusively on long airline flights when battery life can 
Geat Deal!. This card is great! It works really well in one of my mp3 players, and in my digital camera. I switch cards all the time between my electronics, 
Numark Turntable. Using this has been more than fun... It has been great. I have records I have not listened to in over 20 years and getting them converted to 
Best Wireless Router I Have Ever Owned...By FAR. Im sitting on this thing right now. Man oh man...im getting a very good signal where my connection used to be dropping...I 
Works great. These little towels work perfectly and I suggest them for any LCD including my Mac  
Excellent For Mac Use. I was in need of a dvd burner after my Superdrive for my G4 iMac went belly up. Before trying this I went with the Lacie 
Good Basic Sound Card. I needed a new sound card for an older computer and didn t want to spend a lot of money. This card fit the bill perfectly. 
I am enjoying the T5. Other than having to re-set a bit more than I would expect I think this PDA is great. I would definitely recommend it!  
Works fine for Ipod, not with other devices. The box states AC charger for USB devices . I knew this was made specifically for Ipod, but I was hoping that 
Great little hub!. I got this hub to deal with the overflow of USB 2.0 devices I have been accumulating. It came promptly, the rebate was great, and it is 
From a cable company installation tech s point of view: Surfboard is best!. I have worked a good year solid installing cable modems for Charter Communications in California and I 
Love Love LOVE This Toughskin. Super easy to put on. Looks very very cool, like a truck tire. Makes finding my iPod in my jumbly purse a breeze. I don 
Very Fast!!. I bought this card for my Nikon D80 and it is worth every penny! It is very fast which comes in very handy when taking high speed photos. 
Flat Panel Monitor. My monitor came with a dark smudge in the top right corner - since it doesn t interfere with anything, I left it alone. I don t 
Outstanding. This is a very quiet soundcard. I don t hear any extra unwanted noise. Music is crisp and clear. It does everything I bought it for.  
It did the job , in an Excellent way !. having several PCs using a PCI WiFi cards, it was hard to get a decent level of connectivity due to 
Fantastic MP3 Player. My husband wanted an MP3 player that was very small but easy to use AND he wanted one that worked on replaceable batteries instead of a rechargeable 
Works great. I use this with a Dell Inspiron 8600. It works fine even when the laptop is being used and charging at the same time. I haven t observed 
Great Deal for Great ink. When dealing with ink for photographic printers the best bet is to stick with the ink that is reconmended for that printer. That however can 
Awesome!. I have a ridiculous number of things to plug in at my computer desk and my home theater, and both locations have a bunch of big and space wasting 
Media is Excellent - Packaging for Shipping needs improvement. I have ordered and used two sets of these and have never had a bad one. However Amazon shipping department have 
Great price and all the features you need with no fluff. I suggest the i2 over other GPS models because it has everything I need without fancy extras. The grayscale 
WORKS EXCELLENT. After reading reviews on every brand sold at Amazon I picked Pioneer since it was about the only brand that didn t have any complaints. I have only 
Shares printers wireless wired reliably. Not for digital pix. Got this on sale cheap and put several printers onto wired ports on my Linksys WRT54G home WLAN. The quick-start info 
Great printer, low price. This is a great printer. No more running out of ink half way through printing a picture. No more purchasing lots of ink cartridges. This really 
Good product. Manuals fair. The TV meets expectations.The installation and operating manuals seem to cover everything, but could be clearer.I would purchase again  
the product is great. product is great just too much noise when it tunes to any FM station so lil clarity problem  
Home Kit Review. I bought this home kit to use at work and it worked awesome. Never lost the signal, even in 70mph winds. Was simple to hook-up and use 
Works like a charm... It works great. I use this to output video from my computer to my TV. It takes my s-video and my red white audio cables, and 
Computer Support Engineer. This is a great backpack at a good price. The case has many convenient crevices, pouches, and the like. Many travelers from the Navy installation I work 
Best Bang for the Buck. I m in the financial bracket that doesn t usually allow me to spend lots of toy money. So when I was shopping for a 
Above Average Product Overall - Average Audio Volume levels. I tried out my new PET320 and was fairly satisfied with the quality and finish of the product. I played one 
NICE...Super Satisified. White Wr2 sounds just like the black or walnut. High quality and craftmanship, can t ask for more. Love the RDS and radio text feature. Paint is super 
Not exciting but solid. This cartridge works the way it is supposed to, and is a much better value than the smaller Brother cartridge  
good value. These ear buds provide a VERY good fit. They block out a lot of external noise. Much better than my previous ear buds. The sound is clear with 
Among the best for FM transmitters... I recently purchased this as a replacement for my Monster Cable. I must say that I am quite impressed. This is the best FM 
Brillant. The new Ipod Video U2 Special edition is simply brilliant. The reason? Well, there are more then just one solitary reason:The first is of course, the amazing Ipod itself. 
Coby MP-C741 MP3. As a novice, I needed some help figuring out how to load onto a data card instead of to the memory, the directions were not clear about 
Good for the price. I am happy with this pointer, considering what I paid for it. It has a bright green laser but that laser is not as condensed as 
Good Stuff. Works great. The printing is very visible and sticks well without leaving a messy residue. I d rate it 5 except:1. There is excessive lead before and after 
Magellan eXplorist Vehicle Mounting Bracket. This mounting bracket does what it is designed to do. It sticks to the windshield fine, doesn t slip around. Greatly enhances the usefulness of 
Forget the Overpriced Bose. Awesome sound out of these little gems! Don t let Amazon s great price and free shipping fool you, these are all you ll need for 
VERBATM DVD R DL 8.5GB 2.4X 20 pk Spindle. Best quality dual layers on the market tried several brands such as HP and Memorex and they don t compare to 
It Works!!. I have this print server hooked up to my wireless router. I can print from 1 Windows Vista Laptop and 2 Windows XP Laptops. Setup was a little 
Be aware that it is USB 1.1 only. It works well, but be aware that it is USB 1.1 only. I am not using it for my Epson RX620 scanner 
Mobile Edge Express Backpack-Black-MEBPE2. Good product, you can take your laptop with you and it is very comfortable  
rf review. Philips has an excellent product here , the installation took all of five minutes ahd the function was flawless.I used this on an old RCA TV so I 
Reliable product with lots of storage space. The SanDisk 4 GB Cruzer Mini is a sturdy reliable USB flash drive from a very reputable company. I ve been using a 
small but necessary item. the item ordered performs well in what it is supposed to do  
Among the best of the last AGP cards. Fast and reliable, perfect upgrade for older computers and motherboards  
It was cheaper thant putting in another outlet. We decided to buy a long cable to move the TV across the room instead of installing another outlet. It works great 
Bad timing on my behalf... This is a perfect mp3 player. I had the 40Gb model before this and needed a bit of extra room. You can t ask for 
Time to jump. I ve had an extensive collection of great music with a focus on Cuban and American Jazz but room for any Good music. I m pretty much 
M-Audio 2496 Sound Card. Excellent Sound Card for computer to mixer connection. I use it in a Church sound system to play audio from hard drive and to record the 
InkJet Cartridge. Great product at a great price. Super fast shipment - This is a great service  
A very good solution for mounting your XM Radio. The Belkin Tunedock achieves exactly what it sets out to do - provide a solid, flexible mounting solution for your XM 
iAUDIO U2-2048BL 2 GB MP3 Player. I purchased this tiny player because of the CNET recommendation for audiophiles. It has overwhelming sound. I am very happy with this unit. If 
simple assembly, great functionalities. Comes with everything you need to assemble it. Well packaged with screws for any mounts you want. I used it to attach to my Compaq FP 
Just about right. I don t regret a bit this purchase. I use this bench for more purposes than what it was intended for; it is so strong that I 
Really Performs. With my five megapixel Leica Digilux 2, this Lexar one gigabyte SD card will give me 244 color photographs at the highest-quality jpeg setting! That s equivalent to 
Wonderful product!. My background with this type of product:I built myself a HTPC which I have been using for almost a year. I did have the tv-out of my video 
Excellent Handheld. This is an excellent handheld CB for the money. It is perfect for taking on road trips. Having a CB along when travelling on interstates is very nice. 
This is an excellent printer. We bought this printer for business travel with the use of our Dell laptop. The printer is lightweight and compact, and produces excellent quality black 
Performing as expected. This product is doing what it is suppose to do. Have had this product for awhile now and have no regrets. I have a small home network 
These really work. Totally comfortable. Very soft. You pretty much forget you re even wearing them. Great if you have to work sleep in a noisy environment  
not bad. I ve had the ES45VS for about a month now. I ve convered about 30 VHS takes to DVDs and there have been no problems. The unit has 
affordable option for outstanding performance. I wanted a better cable then the composite rca cables that came with my PS2. I am very happy that I decided to buy these 
Worked for me!. Hey, I don t know much about RAM, but I used a pair of the Kingston brand 512 s to upgrade memory on my eMAC 1 GHZ, 
This Product Does Work. I had a rare DVD disc that had developed a tangle of faint cracks, making later tracks unplayable.I used the advice given in an earlier review 
Incredible Value for . I ve had the 1012 for years and it is a solid work horse printer. No problems at all and I ve banged it around a 
Where is my wheel?. Received notice last week that it was in the shipping stage. It still is.Shows in-stock, but it s not actually shipping thought he page says it 
Exactly what I needed. After looking in local electronics stores for speaker mounts, I could find nothing under 90. I came across these Vantage Point mounts and was skeptical at 
A simple easy device. I was able to use this device with ease. It works well with the Garmin Forerunner 301. A must have if you want to use the 
Solid earbuds. I had a pair of earbuds that came with my Creative mp3 player last September that I really liked, but for whatever reason the cord length was different 
Excellent but... Backpack is very nice, many pockets, good zips.But I placed the order on sunday on AMAZON and I received item after 10 days!!!!Slow , very slow!!!!Comunication very bad, 
Epson Ink. When looking for ink for your Epson product do two things:Buy Epson InkBut from Amazon as they even beat the club prices!!!!!!  
It works ..Worldwide .... The charger arrived with in 2 days., [ Amazon PRIME ]. I used this battery for my Canon A 530 and it works like a charm. 
canon ip4200 the best value for great looking photo prints. I am a fine art photographer and I am amazed with what this very affordable printer can do. It is 
There will be a single 100 spool of wire in your shipment. I received this product as stated in the description. The spool was a single 100 foot spool of 
Great value. With a price here on Amazon far better than some of the brick-and-mortar stores, this was an easy purchase to make. My car has unusually large cupholders yet, 
Good investment. I have an Olympus WS-300 which I liked for recording classes in grad school - it picked up just about everything. The addition of this microphone make the 
Works great.... I m using this backwards from how it s made. Instead of using it to split one output into two, I m splitting one input into two and 
No More Fuzzies. Made my sad eyes smile with much much clearer pictures. Easy to install and built tough  
Bingo - max signal through the walls. Massive improvement over the basic wireless card s antennal. I also use it in conjunction with a dlink repeater. no interuptions ever  
Zen Micro Leather Pouch. Its great, i bought it for my husband and he loves it.The Zen micro fit perfect  
Awesome little speaker!!. I got this for my son at Christmas not knowing the slightest idea how it worked or how it sounded. He falls asleep every night listening to 
Good. Not as good as the hype. For the price, T-amps are fantastic. But no, they won t be replacing high audiophile gear anytime real soon. And don t even 
iPod Nano Speakers, Portable Travel Pocket Size Speaker - MiniBlaster - White. Great little product and JLAB offers top service. Quick smooth transaction. Angelo NY  
Good Entry-Level Receiver. I purchased this receiver several months ago and set it up as the focus of our home theater system. The receiver does everything that it is supposed 
Finally a product that I like is still being made. Had my first one for four years. Delighted to buy another! Very small and sensitive  
Fantastic piece of kit. What an amazing product for such a small price. It works right out of the box, but to get full functionality you need to install the 
Canon Black ink Cartridge. Good price and quick delivery. The product is a Canon original and not a generic which the repairman told me never to use in my Canon 
Outstanding Performance. Out of the box and into the attic. Followed the instructions and I m receiving perfect signals for my 46 SONY HDTV set from Pensacola, FL approx 20 
Best DVD Ever bought compare to All DVD player in my theater. I bought this one from circuit city under One Fifty Dollars First impression was it played all my 
Amazing. This case is perfect! Super heavy duty, low profile, good looking, and has a study removable belt clip. It works with an 80G ipod. You payed 350 for a 
Mermorex CD DVD Labels. I ve been using another brand for years, but these are the best and the software support is excellent  
2.3 Casio TV. This TV works quite well, but still not as well as I would have expected given the level of sophistication of other electronic gizmos. However, it did 
Love it. This iPOD plays back video, but in a special format MP4 ; and yes, you CAN see the video on your TV, just buy the A V cables 
Works Great!. I gave this to my younger sister on her birthday, she loves it! I have heard no complaints from her and she said it fits great on the 
Solid product. This player burner is a solid device. It setup easily and ran fine on a new Windows 2000 SP4 installation where it s my primary DVD player and 
Un producto estable bien elaborado. Este producto y marca son lideres en el contexto de las conneccines wif  
Low cost, high quality DVD blank media. We use a lot of DVD disks to record movies off of TV, save photos, etc., so I am always looking for inexpensive 
Surge protector. The problems that I had before its use included glitches from power spikes. The product now cleaned up the power to my equipment and I no longer have 
Good product and easy to use. The HDMI hookup was very easy. My system recognized the recorder right away. I had to wait 24 hours for my DirecTV system to 
I love this. It is very easy to use and records great quality programming that can be recorded to DVD very easily. I also have an archive of some of 
fast and easy. the USB flash frive is super easy to use and and it so small to cary anywhere. I use it for presentations and to load other computers 
awesome product. I really enjoyed this product and the fact that its simple to use!! It clips nicely onto my laptop or I can take it off, it comes with 
Pink. It s quite pink...waiting to build a computer with a pink case...which will proably end up being the raidmax o2 series in pink...but it s what she wanted...pink..  
Does what it should. This item is a good, portable charger for an iPod. I agree that the cord is somewhat short, but it is perfect for travel.  
Dual Layer DVD Burner. This DVD burner has exceeded my expectations. Additionally the price was right including a rebate offer with my effective price lower than some no-name brands  
Power line adapter from Netgear. I read the review in the Wall Street Journal about this product. I couldn t wait to try it. It worked great. I am very 
These people are idiots... Let me explain what you are getting here--A TEN pack of wall mount plates for Linksys routers. Most Linksys home routers will fit this plate. You 
Set up a pain... pay off great. I got this as a way to monitor my children while they are in their room without having to sit at their doorway 
Never getting lost again. I have to be careful what I write in this review because I m not technical enough to figure out if problems arise from this GPS, 
Toshiba 15DLV76 15 LCD TV DVD. This has been an excellent choice for a tv for the kitchen. Out of the box, set up was easy and ready to go. 
Copying from Sony TRV-43 Hi 8 . After reading the instructions carefully just once I was able to go through the simple steps without hesitation and had a perfect copy. 
Excellent!. Overall, this works great with my lab top. Only thing I don t like about is that in calculator mode, if you press clear back arrow button, the whole 
Great card. Bought the card from Emartbuy since they were the cheapest, I got the card after like 4 days later, their great. Yea the card seems to be good, 
Incomparable When It Comes to Reading Different Files... So far, this unit has outperformed every other DVD player I have when it comes to reading different downloaded file types. If 
Good Camera for a Mac Security System. I just purchased this camera to set up with a Mac security system. The camera set-up requires a PC so if you are 
A great buy. I needed to replace an older GE phone with built-in answering system and looked at several models in a large department store. I couldn t find any 
User Preference. This is a comparatively lightwieght and low profile mouse that is still one of the top of the line lazer mice out on the market today. The shape 
Great tool!! in open areas . The Rino works great when you are keeping track of your friends on a camping trip. In some open areas you can truly keep 
Cheaper than some projector lamps!. This projector is a beginning setup for my church. It works perfectly with my laptop. Automatically recognizes the source. For under [...] after rebate, this 
Amazing. This case is a good solid case, with a very pretty design. At first I was skeptical about the bulk but it fits on great and looks AMAZING. I 
Great Portable DVD Player!. This is the second Audiovox portable dvd player I have owned and it is a great product. Lightweight, great picture and affordable. This is the best 
It s True...Stick with the Original. I ve tried many so-called suitable substitutes guaranteed to be as good as Epson. What a frustration to be working late at night, run 
It does the job. I have never had this device fall over like others have complained of, either. Granted, I do have mine situated one a hard wood floor but 
GREAT PRODUCT. I bought this because I did not want to mount my Garmin 350 Nuvi to the windshield. This device makes is much easier to switch the unit to 
Works Great. I bought another brand that this site promotes heavily and it arrived DOA. Purchased this and the 512mb version for my wife s camera. At the time it 
Squeeky Clean ... The Eclipse Cleaner System is a must buy. Quick and easy way to get your sensor and or lenses clean. Needs to be used with lint free 
Great daily use printer. I ve had this printer going for the last 3 weeks, and printing 5 to 15 pages a day. Yes it works, and works well! I 
HP L1705 17 LCD Monitor. The size is just right for my desktop. Very easy to connect, it s seamless and very clear. I recommend this to anyone wanting to 
Excellent item.......I highly recommend it!!!. Hi,Hey, don t run to the repair shop just yet and don t kick that DVP DVR to the curb too soon.......help is on the 
Reliable, classy look. No problem with these DVD R s. Very reasonably priced and have a classy, 21st-Century look  
Simply the best remote ever. I m amazed... simply amazed. The price is way out there... and this obviously isn t for everyone... but it does everything it says... well.Set 
Great Product Works as advertised!. This cable is a great solution if you dont want to carry your cradle all over the place. The cable synced as well as charges 
Great Value - I am mad!. This is a great backpack! Plenty of room and easy to put things in, take things out. That means it goes through airport security 
Sony RM-EZ2 TV and Cable Remote Control. This is a great remote control for older people. The buttons are oversized and easy to see and press. Just the basic frequently 
filled my need nicely. had 51 cd s to protect in some manner, and to take up less spacethis product did both and was very user friendlyric  
Ideal if you dont want wires. I just set up my YSP-1000 last week. For the record it is wall mounted in an almost square room 22X25 ft. I chose 
Nifty radio tuner. Have been looking for a multi-functional radio tuner for a while, to hook up an Mp3 player to. This serves the trick nicely, as well as giving 
Better than an Ipod. I bought this product because I wanted to be able to use the Napster unlimited service for music. It works flawlessly. Ipod lookout! The screen is 
d-Link 4 port hub. Great product. Never had a single problem with it to date, and I ve now been using it for 2.5 months. Plug and play and that 
Great Gigabit SOHO Switch !. this is a great 10 100 1000 switch for a small network, and it is priced very attractively!Some noise from the fan - but you 
Great Headphones! Great Price!. Most in-the-ear headphones hurt my ear if I wear them longer than 5 minutes, so I was really happy that these don t rely on staying 
A bit expensive, but definitely the best mp3 player I ve ever had!. This new edition fot eh iPod U2 is simply fantastic. You can spend days listening to the 
A HIT!!!. I gave this tablet to my grand daughter and it was a hit! She is 14 and she loves it. She uses it when she comes home from 
Great Product Without Breaking The Bank. I did a lot of research including the Magellan, Garmin, Etc and was a bit nervous about buying the right one!! I am Active 
High Quality. Never having had any other headphones I don t really know how to compare these, but the speakers definetely work fine and I can identify different directions sounds... 
Motorola Home Wireless Phone SD7500. -This is a great phone...the second generation in a series of phones I have owned Originally bought MD71 series however this particular model is not 
Solid sound, excellent value. This is the first inexpensive external USB sound card that produces good sound, doesn t stutter, and doesn t tax CPU much. I use the device 
Just what the technician ordered :- . I had to replace a Hitachi Travelstar 80Gb hard drive in my PowerBook G4. used a Seagate Momentus which worked fine . I 
Great memory, good price. I purchased this card for a Canon A95 digital camera, primarily because Canon sells this card at their website and because I read somewhere that SimpleTech 
Wanderful product. This is the best thing since the internet. work great, use in everything posible. Work small, work fast and now I don t have to walk with my 
The best one. Very good quality, I have been using it for some time and it works flawlessly  
Changed The Way I Drive!!!. Hi,I m a TomTom addict. I ve been addicted ever since I first plugged in my TomTom 300 and found a new way to work. 
Convenient and reliable. PERFECT for my digital camera and my cordless mouse! I have one at work and one at home. I had been using regular batteries and going through 
EXCELLENT little case. This case fits my 80gig video iPod wonderfully! It doesn t leave any extra room for movement I shook it a little and it didn t budge 
A bit over-the-top, but really nice... If my TX-series VAIO was company-issued, I probably wouldn t have purchased this carrying case. But, because I shelled out my own dough I 
It s called the Ultra Mini for a reason!. This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub.The cord is about 2.5 feet long 
Excelent choice!!!. I bought this amazing product and now it is easy to have high quality music. Just plug the iPod to your music equipment and you are done.  
A Must-Have - Not An Option. I bought the Docking Station to go with my Archos 504. To really make the 504 useful, you need the docking station. It should 
Fine product. But then, it s from Olympus!. A good product with a trusted name. When the time comes to add xD Picture Cards to my inventory, I ll gladly 
Great value. My wife and I searched for a long time for a budget all-in-one printer that would scan and print decent photos, to replace the HP printer we already 
BROADCAST QUALITY. I got this for my friend because he had previously been using things like VCRs and RFU adapters to hook up his PS2 to his old 1990 TV 
It s an All-in-One. The product is pretty good. You can fit over 100 Compact Discs into one place. It s basically like an having an all-in-one where you can 
Extremely satisfied with this purchase. The DLO transpod works perfectly with no static. I was hesitant to purchase this. I thought because it works through the radio, there would be 
FANTASTIC VALUE!!!!!. This is a fantastic value. It is so much easier to use than other similiar products I ve purchased in the past. It is well worth the price 
Great Safety Gift to a Friend. It s a keyless cable, strong and easy to carry around. I don t need to worry not having the key and getting stuck 
Garmin Forerunner 305. The Garmin Forerunner 305 is easy to use out of the box.The software is also user-friendly to explore on one s own, without a lot of research 
Easy, stable, and fast. Works as advertised, I needed longer range and it provided, easy setup, stable connection  
Incredible picture. Fantastic high def picture. May not have quite the viewing angle as plasma; however, you wouldn t enjoy watching TV at that extreme angle anyway. Plasma and LCD 
Very pleased. I had read the reviews of this mouse prior to buying it. It had gotten very good reviews. Ive ben playing with it for about a month now 
Great Headphones. After enduring the so-so performance of my stock ipod headphones, I figured it was time to step up. As I travel constantly, I wanted something that would would 
Works with eTrex. Used this to connect my Garmin eTrex with serial adapter to my USB only laptop. Installed with no difficulty and works as it should  
Amazing product; easy installation. I am an intermediate level user of PCs and laptops. I have a little experience with setting up my own wireless networks at home. I added 
GREATEST !!!!. 5 STARS, I GOT 3 256MB 333MHZ DDR-PC2700 AND THEY WORKS PERFECTLY , BUY IT, KINGSTOM ITS THE BEST !!!!  
Wireless Headphones. They are comfortable when wearing and the quality of sound is very good  
High quality and excellent value. These DVDs are probably the highest quality and most reliable that I have tried. And given their low price, what is there not to like? 
Can t beat this great deal !. When I bought my Plasma TV I was asked if I wanted a wall mount. I m glad I waited. The same mount 
IPOD cup holder. great produce.much more conveinient when you have multilpe riders in the car so that they can share  
An Excellent Little Player. I ve had my Sansa the white one, with a pink silicone case... very cute for about a month now and I couldn t be more 
Best Inkjet printer. This is the best inkjet on the market! It prints so fast. It has automatic two-sided printing. Great price too!! I am so happy with my purchase 
great calculator. i bought this calculator for my biostatistics class. it has been great except for one thing. i can t figure out how to do factorials on it. other 
Dependable drive. This drive works flawlessly. I haven t had any coasters since buying it 3 months ago and I burn about 10-20 dvd s & cd s per week. 
Amazing sound!!. I purchased this amazing Home Theater system at Sam s Club. I also purchased a Phillips plasma tv. Together these two make beautiful music. When i first heard 
Great Inexpensive Headphones. I picked these up for listening to my iPod on the way to and from work as well as while I m at work. They re collapsible 
Very good for the money... Lightweight and sturdy, very easy to assemble took my 10 years old son about 10 minutes to put it together  
good option for home theater use. i wanted a keyboard to use w my media center pc, which is hooked up to my tv in my living room. like others 
Great. This was the least expensive 1 GB memory card I have ever seen and it works as well as it should  
A bit heavy though... Hello Folks,The headset is well worth the money. I would say that the rumble doesn t really happen with the volume set to the low end. 
This one works. The connectpro USB KVM Switch costs a few dollars more but it really works the first time with no hassles. I ve been forced to use cheaper 
Best I ve used in MP3 FM transmitter units. For the price you can not beat this unit! With several FM station TX selections, last song played memory, low power 
Great Product. I bought this for our CEO who threw the last similar device in the trash.This one is perfect. Especially love the auto handset lifter!!!The sound is clear and 
Port Computer Case. This is my 2nd Port product and I have been impressed with both  
Decent size for desktop also. I feel compelled to write a review to help those on the fence.I got this last week from Amazon, so I cant say much about 
it was every thig i could ask for. amazing. it is like haveing an ipod, laptop, and video veiwer all in one. it has all the same options as a 
Great little TV!. I get great reception on several locals channels, surprisingly better than anticipated for the size. The built-in charger is there..they just hid it a little too well. 
Great Gaming Headset. This is a great gaming headset, especially at this price! My boyfriend and I have had ours for a few months and are very pleased with the 
Fast printer. I ve only had the printer for a few weeks and haven t done any big printings yet but when used it s fast with good print quality 
Very useful device. I purchased this little USB wireless adapter because it has a removable antenna which allows me to connect a more powerful antenna when needed. It works extremely 
GSP..Lady friendly. Researched many GSP systems and so happy I decided on the Garmin Streetpilot i2. The price was lower: 1 not in color why you should not be looking 
Scan Disk Memory Stick. Good price and a good product.Everything went wel  
Visor Deluxe Blue. The best at this price. Like the color and functions. Mine has latest longer than some comparable higher end models. Life saver when trying to keep a 
Motorola SBG900. I purchased this device today and feel obliged to write a review as I had used the reviews on this site to make the decision for the purchase. 
Exellent buy!. These are exellent headphones. The chord is extra long, and the volume control is about a foot or so from the unit. Comes with an adapter tip in 
best radio I ve found -- forget HD radio for now. After being disappointed with my HD radio experimentations, I decided on this white Sangean -- my decision being based 
Audiophile s review these are superb for the price. I own a high end speaker system and i can tell when i hear decent sound. I like to hear the 
Great UPS but no FREE software included. This is a very good Back-Up power system. Then only minus is that the supplied software is actually a sales pitch to buy 
Works perfectly. Speakers quit working on my laptop and needed something decent and easy - and this is better than that. Good quality considering size and price  
Great Product. This hub has worked exactly as anticipated. I ve had it for a month or so now and it is hooked up to my laptop.I ve got a 
shure E500PTH earphones. How great is it to shut out the godawful noise of the world and replace it with either: 1 the glorious quietness the sound-isolating earbuds provide, and 
Really does a job. Easy to use, takes 4 AAA batteries. Spray-cleaner it kept in a slot. You take that out and spray the disk, then drop it into the 
Great Plasma Mount. Just installed this yesterday and I am very happy with it. Installation was easy for me and it works great. I bought this for my 55 plasma 
Best Mouse Pad. Alright this mousepad is awsome! the top is this super soft silk like texture and the bottom is nice gripping rubber, I guarentee you will like it.If 
Good Value and Speed. My company has three of these printers. Everyone seems to be happy with them, and we haven t had any real problems. Not for heavy duty, 
It is a good product. HiI brought 256 MB Kingston SD card from Amazon.com recently. According to my openion Amazon is one of the best online shopping market, they deliver 
Kick-butt hard drive!. Hi all:This hard drive, like every Lacie product I ve purchased, sets up easily and works great! It s one of the few external drives anymore to 
WARNING! - Intel Macs - Set input in GarageBand prefs!. I just got this cable today, and experienced the same problems some of the other reviewers had with getting sound 
AWESOME!. I originally bought this for a clunky 17 CRT monitor about 2 years ago, and boy did it free up massive amounts of space on my desk! Then when 
Works like a charm. Easy to set up, and all the advertised features appear to work fine. I bought this because I owned an earlier Pioneer model which also used 
Daughter s present. It is smaller than my full size Garmin but the daughter seems to be perfectly satisfied with the unit and it s performance  
Good, with one discrepancy sp? . This is a good quality printer. I like it. There s only one thing I don t like. The ink tanks cartridges are small. 
Great Product. It works great! I was impressed with the quality of the product  
Great processor. AMD processor are just the best, the price is good and you get a high quality product.  
Best cheap scanner. The Canon Lide 25 is the best all around cheap scanner I ve seen. The only reason it gets less than 5 stars is that it doesn 
Get this printer!. After literally years of frustration with my HP 1315 all-in-one printer, detailed in my one star review of that item, I decided to purchase this printer from 
Great Radio...Accessories Stink. This radio is very similar in performance to the cheaper Kaito 1103. Performance is OUTSTANDING, and several annoying attributes of the 1103 such as the volume control 
What you see is what you get!. For the money you pay, it s an excellent buy! The zipper is loose ended on one side have no idea why! and 
Amazing. I am probably one of the most musically sound impared people on the planet. I rarely notice the difference between my onboard sound systems and my sound cards. I 
Small easy to use - perfect. That device is small, light, easy to use and have a good output.recommende  
Good what it s supposed to do. Used this to connect my iPod to my HiFi. Works perfectly. The cord and connectors feel surprisingly sturdy for such a simple product 
My Favorites!. I love these cases. The colors are nice, the see-through feature is helpful, they keep my DVDs and CDs clean and are great for mailing, also. Not one 
Delivered fast and on time. I m happy with the purchase because I received it on time just when I needed it. Would definitely reorder again.  
Toshiba VHS DVD Combo TV. We purchased this TV in order to watch the many VHS tapes we accumulated over the years...it makes an excellent, compact, versatile guest room TV 
Sharp AquousLc42D62U 42 1080p LCD HDTV. The prduct was delivered on time and in perfect condition. The picture quality is outstandin  
What I was looking for. I wanted a silicone case and an armband to carry and protect my mini when at the gym or on the go. This does the 
Wow!. I was amazed at the sound this thing makes! As soon as I got it, I played a rock radio station - amazing reception and sound! I tried many 
blew me away. I upgraded from an old AGP GF6800GTS. I know that the GTX version of this card is supposed to be awsome as well, but let me tell 
Does its job and then some. I still have to review some of the finer functions of the unit, but overall, it does its job. One major bonus that most 
Impress Your Form on the Material!. If I could rate the gel wrist support separately for its wrist-sparing effect, I d give it five stars. As for the mouse pad, 
Perfect. I am a plus size woman who is VERY active and this is a real treat for me. An accessory that fits around my arm. It is plenty big 
Overall a good choice. While it wasn t the exact part # I specified, at least it was compatible. Worked right out of the box  
Well made telephone with nice appearance. Phone works well. Was easy to install and work. The only thing I do not like is that the ringer is a modern digital 
Great backpack. I am using this bag for school in which I need to carry 4 textbooks, a laptop 15.4 inch screen and a couple of notebooks. The pack has 
Excellent GPU cooler. If you have a decent graphics card this is the perfect slot cooler to keep it running longer and cooler. I ve had a bunch of slot 
Works Great for the Legacy Panasonic Network Cameras. If you Have some Old Panasonic Network Cameras, and need a Great Network Recording Solution, YOU HAVE FOUND IT. My Company Invested 
Excellent upgrade. I bought this hard drive to replace the main OS disk that died in my old ish Compaq EXS. I was just looking for something to get the 
If You re New to Radios, This Isn t the One. This is a fine pocket radio for people who need something small and don t want to suffer the 
My wife loves it. My wife wanted a simple mp3 player that she could work out with, and she s very happy with this. The included arm band and protective 
BBOOOYYYAAAAAA...Easy install and worked like a charm. When I took the mount out of the box, it was a bit concerned because it was not many pieces to put together. 
This review is not for the technologically well versed. I ve had this photo printer a few weeks now. I don t consider myself technically proficient. I totally scored despite 
Solid external drives. These seem to be very solid performers to this point. I bought three of them for video editing and backup. No problems thus far, and they do 
Attractive Price. I bought this for 19.99 at Staples yesterday. Did not buy the base station to see whether it will register with VOIP321 set that i already had..paid 120 
Excellent!. Because I m a free lance writer and reviewer, I often have to have books on a holder for reference or for when I m direct quoting.I had a 
Very Nice System Right Out Of The Box. Having owned a component system that I ve built myself I was hesitant on buying a HTIB system. I was pleasantly surprised 
Really cool product!. If you have a lightscribe cd burner - these disks are great! You can print your label RIGHT on the disc - very cool! Quick shipment, quality 
Sturdy Piece. A sturdy bench and easy to assemble but the picture shown isnt the same. The cushion is not as thick. But overall its good..  
Does the trick. I just received this today and had it locking down my HP Pavillion dv9000 in about three minutes. Seems to fit the locking slot just fine and 
Jwin Electronics Ipod Portable Stereo. Now this is a great item. I purchased this stereo for my wife for Valentines and she loves it. You pretty much just pop in 
a nice charger. It tells you what it is doing. Some communication is better than none  
EXCELLENT. I much prefer matte photos, and was thrilled to find this pack available. I can only get the glossy pack locally for my PictureMate. The quality of the photos 
Good Little mouse. We got this for my son, and one for my mother in law and so far no complaints.It was easily installed and is comfy in your hand.Nice 
best option. I looked far and wide for some sort of case for the X5, mostly to protect it. Unfortunately, accessories for MP3 players are hard to come by unless 
works very well. its detects wifi network only at the direction you point them, and only on a limited range, about 300 ft or less  
Excellent Hard Drive. I ve always been impressed by Seagate s products, and this Ultra ATA drive is no exception. I sought to upgrade the startup disc of an older 
An affordable joystick to start out with. After purchasing the wrong joystick I bought this one for Flight Simulator 2004. It was not terribly expensive, worked immediatley, and had not 
Nothing Missing. Well, on the Remanufactured Finepix E550 Amazon page, I scrolled down a little bit and I have read:Product Description:What s in the Box:Remanufactured Fujifilm Finepix E550 digital camera, 
Comfy, smooth sound. I read lots of reviews of various brands here and elsewhere, and based on my findings I bought the Vibe s on Amazon. I didn t try 
Harmony 880 Remote Control. Easy to use, and fairly easy to set up. However, as stated in most previous reviews I read, initial setup may be a bit more challenging 
I Like it !!!. Easy to use and fun. Software is simple and professional.I Like it!!  
Good for its size. Amazingly compact, no larger than a small cell phone. Easy to operate, even though there are only five buttons. Can be configured to use different units 
This is the original Sharp battery. This is the battery to order for Sharp Zaurus replacement. It is an exact replacement. After bad experiences with after-market clones, this original model 
Nice sound improvement. I give a log of presentations on my PowerBook, and they always have audio, and no one was ever able to hear the audio through my tiny 
Not so bad after initial panic. I wanted the nano, but after reading all the scratch and screen reviews, decided to do some research into the covers and buy both 
GREAT PRODUCT, GREAT SOUND,. Love the Bose CineMate Easy Setup Fast Delivery  
wonderful. a great mouse! perfect size, nice features. Simply plug it in and it starts working! Seems to be well made. To install the battery you have to push in 
Great product for the price. I have used this and the optical cable. For 20 less, it sounds just as good. Monster cable is a great price point investment for 
almost perfect. great product. works as advertised except a little shorter on the range than i expected.maybe it s my house. oh well, it does the trick and a great 
Got better with Unbox. I bought a Series 3 when they first came out. I would have rated it a 4 out of 5 then. The quality was very good 
Kingston memory = Quality. Adding RAM is just about as easy as falling out of bed and a lot less painful. Rather than invest in a new computer I upgraded 
Wrist support at it s best. My doctor recommended getting a wrist support when using my computer because I had previous carpal tunnel surgery.Ilove the way it comforts the wrist.The 
It makes me want to watch more television. I purchased the Samsung LNS4096D TV about 3-weeks ago. It s truly amazing! The picture is crisp and clear. Movement is fluid 
excellent reasonable cost center channel. I bought this unit to fill out my 7.1 surround system. I have Polk R15 front channel speakers, 2 pair of R10 s for the 
Better than Generic. If you own a Canon printer, buy a Canon ink cartridge! That is my warning. Generic ink cartridges may look the same as their OEM counterparts but 
Card Scan Review. This is a great tool. After a meeting or conference, I quickly scan the business cards I collected and review the data and transfer them into Outlook. 
Great Performance. Works great,good coverage. Had a small problem setting it due to changeing my ISP from cable to DSL. Called tech support, and they walked me through the set 
Lotsa fun. I usually use HP hardware products. But when I looked over the plethora of scanners this Canon struck me. It was reasoably priced and contained a slew of 
Good Marine Radio. This is a great radio for sailboats and other boats that do not have a 12v power supply  
VHS Cleaner. I found this cleaner to work very well, If your player doesn t play after using this it will need a professional cleaning  
Does what it says. Setup was easy, plugged it and I was done. Transferring files are done quick enough and the hard drive goes into a sleep mode when not 
Great Product but Instructions not so great. Wonderful product right out of the box but I found the instructions a little confusing. Yes, I am a woman but still I 
Great value for the money. I bought a set of SCS- 145.5 speakers after my subwoofer went out in an older set of SCS- 135 s. At 189.99, these speakers 
Gaming galore. I use this for Xbox 360 gaming and computer graphic work. First off, it has 1 on 1 pixel mapping, which means, your picture will be complete down 
Excellant Product. So far I am very pleased with this product. It was easy to set-up and has worked without any issues. I previouly had an ATI TV Wonder with 
Yamaha YDS-10. Works great with Yamaha remote. Took a little reading with the manual to work all the functions on the iPOD. This unit replaced my DLO Home Dock Deluxe. 
Excellent product. Another accessory in the line of products for the iPod from Griffin Technology. I am the owner of a few of their previous products and like them for 
good value-beware compatibility. this is a good value for a 4 GB SD card & bundled reader. I only buy SanDisk memory products- they are the innovator and developer of 
Neuros is so customer support friendly!!. I just want to say that I bought this for my son for x mas. I could not get it to play back on 
Work horse ext hard drive. We installed this external HD on a Dell computer. As most Dell customers will attest to, any time you talk to one of their representatives, 
Helps Reception. These headphones, although slightly bulky, do increase reception on my XM2go greatly. Well worth it if you lose reception when walking due to trees or buildings  
Commercial grade laminator-PLH4100 10 . This is so much fun. We all use this, Mama didn t get it for Christmas, so she bought it and we use it almost 
Nice tuner - Very easy to use. I purchased this tuner through the Amazon affilaite at [....]This is an EXCELLENT little device that is easy to use and is dead-accurate. 
great. i really like the wireless mini mouse. I have a notebook which i love but i dont like to use the square box you call the mouse box. i 
Does exactly what is says it does!. I am delighted with the Universal Power Supply that I bought from Amazon.com. It arrived when Amazon said it would and it works 
Great replacement stylus. For a great price you get a stylus and a ball point pen... what more could you ask for?Quality workmanship, fits snug in the IPAQ  
Excellent and spacious. This is a very nice stand. The height is perfect and the stand is spacious.This allows one to place papers or items under the stand, as well 
Great picture. I originally purchased a Samsung 40 LCD from Amazon. Delivery was about 10 days and the set did not work when it arrived. Amazon was very good about 
Canon s PIXMA iP6220D Printer. Great printer at an outstanding price. Prints great photos and other items from your computer. The negatives, costly ink cartridges and they don t last 
Works Great!. I am using this turntable to transfer music from old LP records and 45 s onto a computer for the purpose of making MP3 files I can listen 
Excllent Choice. This product works as advertised. The cpu is under a cabinet and the platform is at least 30ft away and it still functions well. A good buy also 
Wireless Signal Booster. Worked like a charm. I had 2 rooms in my house that I recieved poor signal and dropped connection quite frequently. The booster was completely plug and 
Direct replacement of MS Optical Wheel Mouse. Ordered one of these to compare with my usual MS Optical Wheel Mouse and have been pleasantly surprised with results. First, and in 
Excellent Safe & Highly Portable. I have had this Kodak Charger for almost 2 years now. I liked it so well I went back and order another one for my 
Can t live without it. This is the best thing I ve ever bought for my husband. No longer do we have to watch him flip through channels, searching for 
Exactly As Ordered. I feel that all printers should have dual pack offers since you usually need both any ways  
Excellent Product. This is really a cool product. It is light weight, has big buttons for easy use and above all, very easy to program for my apex tv  
WICKA-WACKA-DO!!!!!!. Pretend you are mixmaster DJ supreme with this zany amateur turntable thingy!I like to dress up in funky clothes and dark glasses and scratch my Jethro Tull records.If you 
Love this mouse. I bought this mouse after seeing one in use. I had a little problem getting it to talk to the receiver but once that was solved it 
often has better picture than analog portable tv. This thing works great. If you have trouble using the installation DVD, then copy all files to a memory card and install 
iPod? Sucks next to this. Besides the fact that iPod is a skinny little waste of time, let s also mock the fact that it plays about two formats: whatever 
Works wonderful. I bought this for my Nikon D200 so I could shoot RAW JPEG. It has given me absolutely no problems. At 120x, this is a far, far better 
Good Print Cartridge. I went through 1 of these over the course of a semester, but I printed around 2000 pages when it was all said and done.The cartridge lasted 
Easy to use. I recently bought the A616 and it is very easy to operate, not complicated at all. Perfect size. This is definitely user friendly. The pictures come out 
Works great for me!. I received this with the 1gb player and after having read mixed reviews I was a little skeptical about it working. I recently took it down 
Perfect for little girl. I was happy to find this product on amazon when I couldn t in any store. i was looking for a boombox for a little girl 
Completly Isolating!. First time I ve bought 100 earphones, and can say I m quite happy.I don t know about mid-range highs, or peak frequencies, or any of that; they 
Excellent Piece of Work !. Works like a charm, the Wi-Fi sniffer in the software is definitely a big plus ! You can get details of the connection i.e. connection 
good cable. Works just fine - a bit on the thin side in terms of cable thickness  
I loveD this product... but. I had a serious problem using it with the Logitech Harmony 659 for some reason. I had the tech guys from the actual manufacturer on 
Installerman. I have used this tool in many home theater installations that require custom cut coaxial lines. This stripper is very good at stripping the ends of the wire to 
Archos 404 dimensions???. I m just looking to buy a gadget like this....Can you settle on the dimensions of the Archos 404 please?At one point you say: measures approximately 3.9 
Bought it in the early stages of CTS. I bought this pad 4 years ago, along with the keyboard rest, and it still helps me up to today. I am 
USB Cable. This is a good quality Belkin cable for much less than you d pay in the box stores. It performs well for me  
Love it!!. Got a great price on this TV, easy setup and great picture. TV looks good and is a quality unit. I also have a 50 Toshiba HDTV and 
EASY ON THE EARS!. This unit really works great. Easy hook up. What a pleasure to not be blasted by commercials. Does a good job on increasing the low volume 
Great sounding little powerhouse. I bought this unit from a local retail store as it caught my eye and was on sale. I have this unit set up in my 
fine. This little magnetic antennaworks fine. No fuss, no muss,just put it on your roof,run the wire to the Siriusradio unit, and bingo,superior reception...I have had it for about ayear, 
It works. I connet it from the computer s-video out to RF Link transmitter to stream video to my TV. Works great  
Panasonic GigaRange KX-TG5571M. We love everything about this system, the talking caller ID, choice of ring tones for certain callers and the intercom between hand sets are excellent features  
WAITING FOR YEARS. I used to be a disc jockey and I have over 2000 albums and tapes.THE records are getting harder and harder to play and I always thought 
Placement is key.... I received this speaker as a gift for xmas. When I first plugged it in, I experienced the same problem that other people had complained about...the voices 
Almost too easy. From box to printing in less then an hour. I configured the server on our home network with 4 computers. I was very impressed with the ease 
Belkin PureAV HDMI cable. Works perfectly with my new Sony Dream System. The Amazon price was well below anything I could find for a HDMI cable  
Great service. I received the merchandize in a timely manner and in good shape. I would definitely order from them again. Great job  
Works great so far. I ve only had the router a week, but am happy with the performance. I ve not been dropped yet and I ve tested the signal 
Linksys EZXS16W EtherFast 10 100 16-Port Workgroup Switch. This product has been the perfect fit for our company. We have had no problems in using this product thus far. Thanks 
Works great with Cannon Powershot A70. I had a 512 simpletech card, and loved it. I got this 1gb card a week ago and it has worked great. The 512 
AWESOME STEREO!. I ve had this stereo for about 2-3 years now and it still works great. The sound quality is amazing and it even has a little max sound 
Great product. CardScan Executive 700 Compact Business Card Scanner is a great product. Fast, efficient and small. Worth every penny..If I well recommend a card scanner, I well recommend this 
Extraordinary. Totaly exeeded my expectations. At first I thought it would be just like moving files from one drive to another, but with the backup software included and with the 
Good & Cheap. The card works great in my camera. No problems. I would recommend the product  
Love it!. I have not had one problem with this radar detector. I love that it has 3 different settings as to how bright dim the light is on the 
Midlands GMRS 2way radio. I believe this set to be the best i have ever used. i have had Motorola and Garmin rhino 120 with gps. The midlands have by 
Perfect DVR station. This DVR station has gotten plenty of use since we received it. The scheduler works perfectly and the quality of the video is great. No problems since 
Accurate and reliable. I owned an explorist 100 before and wanted to upgrade. I love the 400 and have had no problems. I mainly use the gps for geocaching and 
One of the good high speed CF readers on the market. Just some specs missing from amazon s description:USB 2.0 CompactFlash ReaderSmall and travels with easeLED status indicator indicates when 
WX works great. AA & 12v are the way to go. Got the radio as an emergency item. The WX stations pickup and sound very clear with the included antenna. 
Basic charger, does its job. I got this charger for my Ipod Mini, and it works great in my car. It really is basic, a car charger that does its 
Compatibility issue. Upon reading the review from the disgruntled owner of this motherboard, who says it is not compatible with Corsair s Dominator RAM, I got a little worried, as 
Excellent Joystick. Affortable price, great handling, pure excitment and most of all great price for this product... Im I repeting the price issue  
Works and Easy to Use. I have two LCD panels, one over four years old and the other new. Needless to say the same photo looks very different on the 
Save your thumbs...read my review!!!!. We thought the iDrops worked great. I purchased a microfiber cloth to use with the iDrops, but that didn t seem to work that well. 
Well designed... I m designing a PVR DVR program for Linux and picked this product based on the fact that it does hardware encoding and decoding. This is important to 
Solid performer. While the CD-based setup didn t work, manual configuration was straightforward. Security options intuitively placed within the configuration menu. Have helped 2 friends purchase this router since my 
Excellente product. This is an amazing product that has pushed me to exercise at another level. Easy to use, tried with old NB shoes and new Nike shoes. I did 
Best Multifunctional ever. Excellent machine, great performanceSaved lot of time and desk space. Great Scanning speed and qualit  
Excellent accessory. This case is much better than the original of Sandisk. There is no dirt adherence as it happens with the one of Sandisk. The black case gave a 
Ipod travel clock speakers. As one that travels to areas where access to electricity and broadcast services are limited I find the IH26 versital and practical. I can connect to 
Easy to setup but includes no backup software. Was easy to setup and connect. If you want the file format to be NTFS rather than DOS you need to reformat 
Pioneer s Gift To Human Kind. Like every person on this review page I will say the same things and try to add abit more to emphasize the greatness of 
Gets the job done. I m running a HP Pavilion ZX5000 laptop w 3.2ghz P4 and it likes to run hot. This cools it down nice and sure is convenient 
Held up for a year and a half after a motorcycle accident. I use this backpack to carry my laptop, books, shoes, lunch, gym clothes, etc. to work and school 
Excellent product!. I m really glad I didn t read these reviews before getting one. The boombox is the best accessory I ve gotten for my SkyFi2 receiver. I do 
Monster does it again!. I had used a lesser quality interconnect with my Definitive Technology Powerfield 1800 subs 2 and had a low level hum through my system when the 
No Problems with these CD s. I have found that, for the most part, if I purchase a name brand product I usually get good quality. These Memorex CD s 
jump drive. For an inexpensive jump drive I found this one to be very good. It was easy to use and convenient for transferring pictures from my computer to a 
Comfortable and better sound than standard ear buds. I bought these because the ear buds that came with my mp3 player were uncomfortable. I trust Sennheiser because I ve used 
Outstanding. Without a doubt this is the best product of its type, I looked at several others priced significantly higher, and after setting up the AM2 it was clear I 
PictureMate. Excellent pictures. Good viewing. Lots of options. Incredibly slow to review pictures for printing. Very slow in just recognizing a memory card is installed  
Easy to setup and worth three times the price!. My television IR receiving eye and all other components are concealed behind cabinetry, so I needed an RF system. I was 
Great bargain for good quality media. best price Great bargain for good quality medi  
Best USB Extension Ever. This is by far the best usb extension cord I have ever owned  
Don t buy a new CD player. Over the course of the last few months my CD player had gone from the occasional skip to eventually not being able to 
So far, so good..... I just bought the Roadmate 500 and set it up without any problems. I did not have to access any codes from Magellan to download my 
Beginner SW Radio and for Fun Listening. The Grundig G1000A is a good beginner SW radio. It is relatively cheaper than the other Grundig models, such as the E5, E10, 
good but hard to remove. I agree that the case is hard to remove. Like the guy below, I panic because I could not open it again. But after I 
Excellent for it s price!. I purchased this machine for the copying and printing. It does an excellent job for both of these purposes. I have not tried the fax 
Surprisingly good!. This is now my go-to bag. It has excellent build quality and it s pretty much the perfect size. I really like the style and the way it 
Harmony Remote. Best remote product I ever purchased. I have the older version of the Harmony and This newer version is 10 times better. Lipo battery last for ever and 
Amazing Picture. I saw the quality of the XBR Bravia unit next to the non Bravia set in a store and could tell the difference easily. I finally broke down 
Fast Router. I bought this router to replace a Linksys. The Linksys was good but after about two years, it would lose connection. This D-Link so far keeps the connection 
under-cabinet cd. What a difference, the one we had skipped and no good sound this is like night and day. Great sound. I recomend this highl  
First DVD burn was successful!!!. I just burned my first home video DVD on the Memorex DVD R disc.It worked the first time! I have a TDK Burner installed in 
After all It is not only about milliampere hours. I received several sets of Eneloops in February and label told they were produced in April - so they sat at 
Performance and price - think twice. There s a review here where someone takes their COMPUTER and analyzes the performance of the card. Unfortunately, most of the time what matters 
Good SATA cable, good price. Hey, what can you say about a hard drive cable. The thing either works or it doesn t. The end plugs seem secure. The price 
Good sound, uncomplicated interface. I use the recorder for recording law lectures. The sound is very good, the recorder is good at capturing voice from distance. I had olympus ws-320 
Sony DRU-810A. I had owned an LG burner and from the time I got it, it never worked right. I must have made 60 or 70 coasters before I decided 
laptop cooler. Works very well with my Dell latitude laptop..solve the heat issue I was having with my video board  
A lot of space at a great price. This is a great buy because I have a lot of space. I use the card on my Digital Camera and I 
Excellent radio for the price. Just received this item and I am very pleased with the following: built quality, design, sound, reception, bass and treble control, volume, backlit display. I 
The Best Deck Ever. I bought this deck about 6 months ago. It has performed flawless in every aspect. As soon as I turned it on I could notice a 
Best printer ever. I am really amazed at the quality of prints from this printer. The colors match my computer exactly which I struggled with on previous printers I ve 
I m very happy with it. Bought and plugged this in in Aug. 2004 and it still works like a charm.  
NEED EXTRA BATTERY. IF YOU WORK ALL DAY,YOU NEED A EXTRA BATTERY.A FULL CHARGE BATTERY IS 6 HOURS LONG  
Does the job. I used cable to send audio from my computer to my stereo receiver. Cable has a Mini male plug at one end, two male RCA plugs at 
i buy every built product i see... ...so, unobjectively speaking, i like it. i have a 15.5 widescreen, and i think i was supposed to get the 15 sleeve because 
It just works... I finally have access to that worthless little port! I can leave my iSight hooked up and plug in my external drives as well. Couldn t beat 
Good for the price. This has served my wireless network needs very well for the price. Unfortunately, this device does not support WPA encryption even though the firmware update notes 
great tote and stylish. I really like this tote. I use it for my laptop and a few items.It s well made and should stand up to wear and tear. 
My new CD Changer. I got what I wanted. I m very pleased with my CD Changer  
Wonderful sound !. These cables are excelent. They reproduce bass, middle and highs very clearly and in a soft way. They sound very good and natural. I think the guys 
Brenthaven Edge I Sleeve. This was a perfect fit for my 13 Macbook. Tried a couple cheaper ones, but was never satisfied, usually they were just a bad fit. This 
Great Phones. After returning another set of phones, I was skeptical about this set. However, they have been working great. The signal is clear and it has all of the 
Rock-Solid Router. I was using a Linksys wired router switch for a few years. I was constantly losing VPN connection and having to re-connect. I put in VOIP Vonage phone 
Comfy, smooth sound. I read lots of reviews of various brands here and elsewhere, and based on my findings I bought the Vibe s on Amazon. I didn t try 
Perfect Complement to the Wii. I bought this for my Wii remotes. On full charge, these batteries seem to last about as long as high end disposable batteries. My only 
teac 880 recorder player. This recorder player has one of the better warranties, is very simple to operate and does a nice job. If you are new to cd recording, 
Excellent Value, Great Quality. I LOVE this LCD TV! I did a LOT of online and in-store research over Christmas to find the RIGHT high-def TV. I have an existing 
Awesome for college!!. No more buying, finding, or losing tapes for college classes. This awesome digital recorder w music player is very good. It comes with the software and usb 
NOT GREAT, but good for what it s for... I purchased this radio thinking it would be a little bit better quality than it turned out to be. However, I 
Like the Sub alot. I believe that the wildly different opinions about on this sub have to do with how people listen and what they want. I have the Model 
useful little cases for smaller cds. I am using these small, useful, cases, to hold my smaller cds 3 in. cd singles-anyone remember them? and can be use to hold 
nice but noisy. Costco here too. 180 was a great price, but the hissing has become annoying. It does sound like a larger capacitor....its constant...constant. i hear it walking through 
Good recording cassettes. Useful if you are still using recordable tapes for lecture or radio show  
A CB Lover s Dream. This Little Radio Roks!!!!!!!!!!!!! It Has Everything it says it has. If You buy a speaker mic for it, it works alot better in transmitting 
They re OK. Just a note to those who ve been having trouble opening these cases, without breaking them. If you use an emory board to slightly sand the top 
Buy a PAir. Put a pair in my new PC to bump it up to 2gig. Thing screams, easy install, cheapest way to really boost performance  
Works with Windows XP and OS X. I bought this print server because others said it works with OS X. It works great with OS X and Windows XP. I 
OUTSTANDING SERVICE. I am really enjoy my headphones, as you well know Sony products are top of the line. I also would like to commend amazon for outstanding service I 
Sephy CP730 Does What It is Supposed To Do. Out of the box, with little instruction was able to print from camera, computer, memory card.Don t expect much from printer 
Works great. Very portable and easy to use...a must in the car  
Excellent Plasma TV Mounting System. This mount was very easy to install on my wall. It is very easy to attach a mid sized or larger plasma screen.  
If the shoe fits... These adapters work with new Apple computers that have combination optical Analog jacks, My new Mac Pro for example Powermacs and MacPro towers have seperate analog 
Solidly built tape deck. The Onkyo Dual well Tape Deck TARW255 is well built and easy to use. The sound quality of the unit is good. I like the fact 
Perfect for remote viewing your home cable TV. I really like this placeshifting technology. I bought the Slingbox analog Tuner because it simplified installation and it did not hijack the 
Excellent Unit. This is my first MP3 player and I m pretty critical of things in general. This unit is really excellent, super sound quality, software is easy to use 
Great Product. Arrived quickly. Just plugged right up to my Apple G5 and transfered 160GB of music within minutes. Fast and reliable so far. I feel i should have bought 
D-Link Gigabit Rules!. I got one of these cards so I can game at gigabit LAN parties and I ve started upgrading my home network to gigabit. All three of 
IPOD Radio.Docking Station. My Daughter loved this product. This was part of Christmas presents and she just loves i  
Good Basic External Storage. I paired this drive up with the Linksys NSLU2 as a network drive and it has worked out very well. It powers on off automatically with 
Mount it!. This mount worked great with my Ipod. before I really didn t have a place to put my Ipod while driving, the mount sure changed that. Fits easy 
My Favorites!. I love these cases. The colors are nice, the see-through feature is helpful, they keep my DVDs and CDs clean and are great for mailing, also. Not one 
Better Chips You will not find. I have always been a fan of Viking chips. The Viking 512 has never disappointed me.  
It already got me out of emergency jams helped me find E.R. Quit crying about the fact that the little lady s voice tells you to turn but doesn t, 
Nice set. Although I found a cheaper price than here on Amazon for this set, nevertheless it is an amazing TV. The picture without HD is very nice,you will almost 
excellent!. Very fast shipping and the product is new so there s really nothing bad about the product. Nice and sparkling. It s standing next to my lcd right now 
Excellent Basic Internet Camera. I have installed this camera in a control room to oversee the activities. The installation was a breeze and it works as well as expected. The 
Fast 2GB SD Card with Built-in USB Connectivity. Wow! I needed an SD card for my new digital camera. Speed of the disk is an issue these days. When you 
This switch works... What else do you need to know? You plug in your PCs and a cable to your router - and go. I used a Netgear hub for 
nice rack. It was easy to assemble and matches another one that I bought from the same company a few years ago  
2 line corded phone. Most 2 line corded phones take up a lot of room and are loaded with unnecessary features. This model is fairly compact and light but sturdy. 
Sony folding speakers excellent purchase for travel. This is the second set of these Sony speakers I have bought. I use them constantly and just wanted some as back up. 
boombox. Good sound for a portable boombox. This box is larger than expected. I was looking for a smaller one and was surprised to see it s size. Overall,Not disappointed 
Gigaworks 5.1 & 7.1 vs Logitech Z-680 5.1. Facts: I own a Logitech 4.1 z-560 400watts and Also own a Creative Gigaworks 5.1 S700 can upgrade to the S750 at 
Crystal clear reception. I really like this phone and so far the reception is excellent. You have to read the owners manual to use some of the features but it 
Pricey - But Worth It. This cable really cleaned up the display image. I had been running another Monster Cable - the 6 meter version. I needed the length before 
More good than bad. This product has good and bad points. I listed some below:Good---------Cheaper than Apple 5 as compared to 30 Works greatSmallConvienientBad---------Cheap might not hold up long term 
what more can you ask for?. I use this little device with my Apple Powerbook to transfer photos taken with Canon digital cameras.Mac OS X recognizes the unit with no 
nice product. I purchased this MP3 player for myself at Christmas. I have downloaded over 200 songs, have all my pictures on it and can listen to the radio. I 
great case for heavy use. Is it pretty? Not particularly. Is it flashy? Nope. Is it a great case? Definitely.I commute to and from work on public busses and trains 
The best AIO I ve ever had. I got my first HP OfficeJet 600 in the mid 90s and it was a nice unit. From that point forward I stuck 
Compact, light and high quality. I m very pleased with this Olympus recorder. It worked well in a large room environment as well as one-on-one conversation recording. The voice activation 
HK3380 Stereo Receiver. Outstanding sound quality and performance. It was a noticeable upgrade from my previous receiver, which was good. I have XM radio hooked up as an input, and 
a little bit of comfort issue, otherwise, perfect headset!. The design for this headset is ingenious. Every piece is separated so you can mix and match for your convenience. It 
LaCie 250gb. great drive and great support. had great success with this drive. never had a proble  
nifty. this is my first mp3 player when i got it it was very small and the controls are small too but it was finished downloading 20 min. after i 
Nexus50 - A Cool Innovation From Samsung. I ve had my Samsung Nexus 50 for a few weeks. I am impressedwith its ability to record each song or each XM 
Another Solid SanDisk Product. I have had nothing but good experiences with SanDisk products. This 2GB Ultra II card keeps up with my new Nikon D200 without any problems. It 
Spectacular Value. I purchased this television at a bricks-and-mortar store, on sale, for less money than the 32 LCD screen that I was considering. I was planning to place the 
Panasonic DMR-E75V Recorder. Absolutely fantastic, my recorder stopped formatting my DVD-Ram disks. I had used the recorder approximately 1 yr, After using Maxell s DVD cleaner disk, all is back 
Just what I was looking for!. This is a great wall mount that moves away from the wall, rotates and tilts. Then you can easily put the TV back in 
Great product overall. The only bad thing about this product was the fact that it fell apart the first week I had it and I had to tape the entire 
Stick with the original. I have tried generic ink to save a few bucks. The color is not always right if you get a generic ink replacement. Stick with the 
Acronis True Image 9.0. What I received was a Software To Go copy from Tiger Direct. There was no printed manual, though there is a manual on the CD. It 
Great looks and speed. This thing is the first piece of networking equipment I have ever owned that acutally looked good enough to be on a shelf in plain sight. 
worth the cost. nice one, just got it, need to see how it looks from now in a while.. but the most important thing its that its protecting the keyboard. 
Works well, but the fan is loud. So far I ve had a good experience with the operation of this unit, but a warning that it has a fairly loud 
Works as described, very convenient. This product performs well for me in the following ways:1. It works as described. 2. It makes entering ID and passwords much more convenient. 3. 
Works well - much better than windshield mount. This mount works well and the price is reasonable.I ve used it for over a month now and it has never slid 
Amazing sound!!. I purchased this amazing Home Theater system at Sam s Club. I also purchased a Phillips plasma tv. Together these two make beautiful music. When i first heard 
Nice unit. The changer seems to work well and sounds great. This is my second JVC 5 CD changer and I have never had a problem with either one  
Great for Home. Great looking thing. Not the cheapest of its class but certainly one of the better looking ones. Make sure that if you buy this unit you also 
Works like a Charm. This Bluetooth remote device works as advertized with my Apple notebook. Be sure to insert the Bluetooth card all the way into the printer slot before 
Oh Happy Day!. I love my laptop. I had it now for 5 years. The one problem ... I broke the stereo output jack and one of the internal speaker 
Great Speakers For The Money. I have been using these speakers for over a month now. I couldn t be happier. The look nice, and the sound quality is excellent. 
I like it. If you snap shots in burst mode, or if you want to take pictures at sporting events, fast cards like those are the way to go.Almost no 
Sony Center and Rear Speaker set. I already had a pair of Hi-Fi speakers with excellent bass response for the front left and right as well as a pro-logic receiver. 
Meridian Swivel Mount Bracket. The bracket works well enough but it s a little cumbersome having to remove the electrical connection to make the unit mobile. No biggy but it 
Cowon A2 30 GB review. Looked for a portable media player for quite some time and finally decided on the A2.Product arrived in a timely manner & in good condition. 
Not bad for the money. This amp is not bad for the money. I have seen other reviews and people either hate it or love it. Sounds like a qualtiy 
Works like it s supposed to. I bought this UPS to help protect my Tivo and TV. It worked fine out of the box and when I pull the power 
Amazing small I-Pod speakers!. I received an I-Pod for a gift but am not always comfortble with speakers in my ears. i searched a number of web sites for small 
Excelent Remote. The remote does what it is designed to do. It takes the hassle of working lots of remotes into the ease of working a single remote. It may 
Excellent quality, easy to use. While we have only had this printer for less than 2 months, the setup was very easy, and we made some very good quality prints. 
The only product I trust in my home. I have been using Omnimount products for years. I buy a new set of four every time I move into a new 
IPOD KILLER!!! THIS THING RULZZZ GET ONE. THIS IS THE GREATEST MP3 I HAVE EVER OWNED I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!! It is way better than the ipod. I know this because 
Simple, effective, enjoyable. Firstoff, that first review about the format capacities is outright wrong. Let me explain how this works.The soundstage program that the player uses is a lot like 
Amazing. Wow this probably the best cooler out there, i swear the airplane kind noise was gone after i installed CNPS 9500 LED, the installation was much easier than what 
Great Price for this product. This HDMI cable is as good as the 150 Monster Cables - I have tried both and could not see any noticeable difference. Also, I 
Boss loves it. You can change to wide screen view based on input. It hides inputs you aren t using so switching source doesn t take as long. Overall good 
Excellent scanner. Good value for the money-it was recommended by my brother a scanner aficionado and it has performed exactly as advertise  
PSUS4 GOOD UNIT, CAN BE DIFFICULT TO SETUP. This unit works great. Good buy for the money. I gave it 4 stars because in my situation I use Static IP 
Spectacular HDTV from basic cable without a box!. I got this set because of the spectacular picture quality, and had planned to pay more to the cable company to add 
The best KVM I ve ever seen!. This is absolutely without a doubt, the best KVM switch I ve seen. It takes about 2-3 seconds for XP to recognize the 
My Life in my Pocket!!!. This is one of the best little harddrives I ve ever bought! The unit is thin and streamlined and the best part: it s USB 
Isotel 6 Ultra with phone line protection. Like the heavy duty construction, compact size,wide spacing between outlets. Green LEDs also indicate line and protection status.Can t think of anything I 
Great Mount - Great Price here at Amazon. After looking tirelessly on the internet for swivel mounts, I landed on this mount which was only reviewed by one user. Usually 
great product. This thing is great for small space and very easy to use. I would recomend it for anyone who needs a good mouse with a limited amount of 
Good looking and very quiet power supply. Great power system. Cables really shine with UV lights, and they are very manegeable too. Power is redundant, another Y cable molex connector 
Sweet Phone. Very heavy and well built phone, great ringer sound, brings back the old days ... Kids hate it because it has a cord, now I need a black 
Excellent Value -- Wide range of functionality. This DVD player is a great, mid-range player that encompasses a wide variety of disc formats. One of the best features is that 
Worth the price. I was originally looking at [...] radios, but I was concerned about product durability and quality of FM AM reception. After reading some good reviews about this 
sw 200 saves subwoofers again. I have two subwoofers with a home theater system. My SW200s have saved the subwoofers three times while giving up their lives . First time 
Great TV Mount. Purchased this mount for a 20 Toshiba flat screen TV. From start to finish, it was no more than 1 hour to get the mount in place, 
Good cable, cheap price. I purchased this cable to connect my HD DVR to my Samsung LCD TV. The DVR was initially connected via the component inputs, but I needed 
SD memory card for my PDA. I wanted a large capacity card for my PDA to store mp3 songs and photos. This one works perfectly. It came at a great 
never had a problem. I m very satisfied with TDK cd-rs. In fact, I only buy this brand. I tried some cheaper brands, but they either had errors or failed 
Everything went wrong but they made it right. I ordered the SimpleTech 1GB CF for my Canon Digital Rebel XT because the price was great and because I had read 
Exactly what you ask for. This card is capable of holding over 1000 pictures in most cameras. Going from around 17 pictures in a standard 16 mb card to 1046 
Great for the size and price!. Real nice set! I m new to the HD-LCD Plasma world. Needless to say, I can t afford to try more than one TV 
AppleTV -- something to watch all the time. We bought ourselves an AppleTV to replace our XBox 360 as our primary media center why? it is loud, and it has 
Fashion finds the keyboard... This fashionable keyboard does spruce up any workstation or gaming environment compared to the typical ho-hum keyboard. The LCD screen is a nice feature toy but 
Logitech does a superb job with the Harmony 880. I was a bit skeptical about this purchase, although I previously owned one of the first Harmony remotes in pre-Logitech days 
Excelent product. Is a wonderful sound.The sound of this card delivers THX certified surround and makes all games, music and movies sound richer with crisp, clear higths and deep booming 
Great product!. This is a really handy and very well designed. I have used it when traveling to recharge from a wall socket and also use the cord without the 
Will not keep a charge goes through batteries. This is a great scanner, easy to program and operate. The only draw back I see is, it will only run for 
Great product!. Unfortunately, Apple got cheap and stopped including docks in the purchase of a brand new Ipod, but this is a fantastic alternative. I really only use it to 
So far, so good!. Recoton always was a good outfit for a bargain....their videotape was a lifesaver in the 80s and 90s, and apparently their electronics are, now, too. Have 
I am very pleased. I had no problem installing it, and I love it. I think both the mouse and the keyboard are awesome.  
Color Inject. I received this promptly and at a better price than I could purchase in the store. I will re-order from here from now on  
It is a good product. HiI brought 256 MB Kingston SD card from Amazon.com recently. According to my openion Amazon is one of the best online shopping market, they deliver 
More than useful...FUN!. I am a photographer whop purchased this for use in Photoshop. It exceeded my expectations, and continues to amaze me daily. I now use it for everything 
Works great in conjunction with other linksys products. I have other linksys routers and switches in my house and this works great in conjuction with them...I have never even had 
VHS TO DVD AND IPOD. VHS to DVD disc is just one easy setup. I set mine to record and recode just before I go to sleep. When I wake 
Compatible with the Epson R800 and R1800 photo printers. When it comes to ink for my R1800 photo printer, I am concerned with the quality of the images I print. 
Best of the P-Touch Breed. An idealized P-Touch labeler is close to the PT1950 because from the cheapest to the most expensive models in the P-Touch range, the PT1950 supports 
Six months research=Amazing television !!!. Researched Sony,Samsung,Hitachi,and all the others. Almost drove myself crazy !Bought this at Bestbuy for 1514 after a 100 discount for signing up with HD cable 
Good price for a good ipod alarm clock. The reason I settle on this model were the price and the fact that the backlight can be turned off. I am 
useful. i bought these for my mini dvd s that i bought havent used these much, but the plastic is very sturdy and not easily breakabl  
Well Pleased. cost is low because the company no longer exists - no tech support, no company website just be prepared for Win 2000 and XP, you must download your 
Works Great. I think this is a very good receiver. A number of people have complained about issues with the wireless FM Modulator and the static that is causes. I 
This sucks...no really!. I originally bought this for my husband s Sportster, but I liked it so much that I stole it from him and I m using it for 
Takes a lickin and keeps on... What can I type? It is a good battery and it is still in use  
Great Product, Great Price. What can I say, this is a memory card, it has a ton of space for digital camera usage, and it works exactly like it s 
Can t go wrong. Can t go wrong with a simple audio splitter. Works like a charm, good price  
It works. It works fine. Comparing my vocal recordings before and after, you can tell the difference with the absence of those annoying vocal pops. It clamps onto any mic 
simple sleek protections works. I agree with the other reviewers - this is a simple, sleek solution that works. Not bulky, it protects the ipod from scrapes and is black 
Great!. I got the JBL on Stage B for my boyfriend over the holidays because he would be doing a lot of traveling for work, and I thought this gift 
iPod Speakers w remote. The product was brand new. The shipping was fast, and it is a fun product to use. The sound quality is great. The only thing I 
lisathelibrarian. I ve used this product for over a year. It is very sturdy, and the cap stays on very well. You can easily delete the security software, or just 
Works awesome, great battery time. It pairs quickly with laptops & bluetooth phones. Holds the gps module firmly and matches the look perfectly.The only gripe I have is it doesn 
Works fine -- duh. Obviously it should, shouldn t it? And it does. Nice to have 4x my previous memory card. Used it on two recent trips in tandem with 
GREAT Laptop and Accessories Carrier. This backpack works GREAT carrying my laptop, 300GB Seagate external hard drive, mouse, plenty of cables and wires. And the padding for the laptop is 
Canon printer. I just received this canon printer this week, i tried it out over the weekend with the new digital camera that i got. personaly i can say that 
My best watchdog. Truely wireless, the remote alert sender unit runs on 4 AA batteries. I don t know yet how long they last. Mine are now two weeks old 
Good product and good quality. this product has good quality, it arrived on time, i recommend i  
AC Adapter didnt work... at first. Awesome toy now that it s got power. I would give 5 stars however when I opened the package I was disappointed to discover 
Great - BUT automatic gain control not good. I m charmed with this little gem, which I will use mainly for taping meetings. But the advertised automatic gain control does 
13 tv. TV is very light weight, I love that, very clear picture. All around it seems very nice - so far anyway  
Best Memory for High Preformance Gamers. This is great memory for high preformance gamers! I bought 2 of these and have had NO problems at all! I would defeniflty recommend 
Excellent Performance on our Mac Network. We run a number of these drives to back up off of our Mac-based network. I see a number of problems in the other 
Great blower fan!. This fan is great, it took all the heat from my graphics card and blew it out the back of the case instead of just moving it 
great product. The cable works as well as another much more expensive brand I have purchased. great product and great price  
Great stuff at great price. We often prefer brand name product such as Sony, Toshiba, or SanDisk and pay much money with strong belief that we got a great stuff. 
Buy a better version. I bought this radio and I have two suggestions for other buyers. Go for radios with digital tuning. I find it tough to tune with this 
EXTENDED WARRANTY COVERAGE. COVERS EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO HAVE FIXED ON A REAR PROJECTION TELEVISION,INCLUDING THE PROJECTION BULB.GOOD VALUE PRODUCT  
Happy with the product. I have had the case for a month now and I am very happy with it so far. The case holds my TX nicely. No problems 
This is the one to buy!. Save yourself the frustration of missing a shot because your storage card wasn t fast enough! This is the one you want!If I had 
Fantastic Product. Very easy to install and one of the best wall mounts on the market  
best tablet for photographers. Having the Wacom has increased my speed and efficiency in editing pictures. It is the best investment I have made lately in my business. It saves 
Works great. Includes 5 free software programs. 2 coupons.A . Works very well. I ran my CD and DVD test subjects thru about 10 times and the discs would physically 
Looks good, functions as it should!!. I got mine for about 1 week ago to match with my MBP silver theme . Someone mentioned about the light indications not showing 
This is an excellent no frills mount. After shopping around for a while, I bought this mount, and am very glad I did. My only gripe is that the instructions 
Meets all criteria. I ve just had the printer a short time, but it meets all the criteria I needed. I had a few problems at first with the settings 
Archos 604 w camcorder accessory. Hello to all from NJ USAI wanted to start video recording my long distance motorcycle trips. Researched for several weeks evaluating different systems and methods 
Fast Reader Writer. This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 
WASH THE PADS!. just wash them...they are still usable...love this item  
good product,. the product is very good, but the wireless speed is not good for videos, but for power point its perfec  
Not as good as I tought ... I was hopping an impressive experience with this earphones in my MP3 player, but it wasn t. They give a superior quality in 
Excellent Network Hard Drive - Tricky implementation under Windows. I have only had the LaCie for a month but so far there have been no problems and the price performance 
XtremeMac Car Charger. Matches the iPod color well. The chord is retractable which is a big plus!  
3 for the price of one!!. These USB headphones are great. I can use them on my home system for gaming and the USB sound card does not miss a 
Works Fine. What can you say in a review about a cable? Either it works, or it doesn t. Mine works..and I expect yours will too  
almost great. this is a great unit- Garmin is the best , but the speaker is a joke- there is no fm modulator built in -so you listen to xm 
Can t go wrong with this. Updated Dec 2005: the photo is now the correct bike mount for the Meridian. I will add that after six months use, often over 
great reliability and speed. While it is easy to say that 320 gigs is overkill, a few years ago I thought I would never fill my 120 gig drive. The 
Ergotron Neo-Flex is Slick But Pricey. Only reason I didn t give this item 5 Stars is because I know there are cheaper options out there. Granted, they may not 
Very good small light. I bought mine a year ago through the Amazon. I like it very much. It is very good to work in bed, not to disturb my 
Well made and does what it s supposed to. I was hesitant at first to purchase a suction-mounted bracket because I never have luck with these things; they always seem 
Ipod takes another blow. Well, to begin with, I am a complete iPOD hater. The whole idea of wasting an buttload of money on something with limited features doesn t 
Card Reader. Works well with or without software installed. Good for home use and school or traveling.  
Better Than A Dipole, But... The little dipole antenna that comes with most stereo tuners is barely adequate for FM reception. And a big outdoor FM antenna is a pain 
Does everything it s supposed to. In the two months I ve had this printer, I have been very pleased with the results. When printing pictures in the printer s 
Zen Micro Is still one of the most versital players. I have Had many MP3 players but always go back to my Zen Micro. I am using a 6gb that 
Olympus 1 GB Type M xD-Picture Card. works great in my camera, recommend to anyone that wants to take a lot of pictures without having to download in between  
SanDisk MP3 player. We accidentally purchased two, but my husband kept the other one. We love them. They don t have some of the options of the Ipod, but at 
GOOD SOUND. This has a good sound. I m not sure I love the shape. I do have a different speaker system for my ipod that I use at work 
Great phone at a decent price!. My company purchased two of these phone a month or two back for office use. Previously we had an AT&T - which I ll 
Most bang for the buck. I am having very good luck with this machine. Set up was a snap and I am very pleased with the print copy fax resolution. 
Great Product. High end for working out. This product is great for the gym  
Life is easier. These batteries really work and make my life easier to manage. The fact that they stay charged is the biggest thing I know when I put them 
Good product. At first, I had a hard time to attach it to my laptop but after the learning stage it s a piece of cake. The good thing is 
pretty good keyboard. This is a very good keyboard for games cause it s cool to have bigger directional keys, very comfortable. It s kinda hard at the beginning to 
Can t travel without it. My wife and I drove to L.A. with this RoadMate 500. It helped us so much in several ways.1 We felt it took shorter time 
Works Great. Works just like it s supposed to. If you need to hook up a DVD player or other device with A V output to an older TV that 
Great. Arrived on time and is perfect for using headphones and speakers at the same time.  
Get the tape before you choose a more expensive option:. Seriously,A Tape adapter is CHEAP, its easy, and no one wants to steal it. Sure you loose alittle audio quality, 
Work fine. I ve used these and similar cases for years. No problems, even with the cats occasionally knocking them around and walking on them.1 I ve never had one 
Great phone, Great price too. Sound is clear, good battery life, and you can t tell that I m using a cordless phone. Exactly the good quality phone I ve 
Works like a charm. In rating the turntable, it works perfectly and the Audacity software works well although I had to download a plug-in in order to create MP3 files. 
Neved disappointed from Sony. If you are looking for quality in video equimpent, there is only one brand for me - Sony. The DVD player has slick design, great video 
Wah Pedal cries like a baby. The Crybaby Wah Pedal was a big birthday hit -- thanks  
Easy to use, and worth the money. I bought this item with a little bit of skepticism because other FM transmitters have usually failed to gain my support for quality 
Fine for charging. Needed the adapter to charge my Shuffle, since the AC adapter I have is one of those older Apple ones with the Firewire connector. Suits my needs 
Terrific response!. I ordered this item on a Monday and received it on Wednesday. It had a small defect one warped corner , but I downloaded a prepaid mailing label, 
does what they say ... but.. This has been a really great DVD player and even played a roughly created cd of mp3 s and jpg s i had put 
Good for the . Batteries made in China, good for everyday use...For 10 a good bu  
Numark PT01 Turntable. The delivery came as promised and the turntable works as needed. We were especially interested in a turntable which could play 78 rpm records as well as 
Almost excellent. This mount is nicely designed and well-made; it fit the TV perfectly. Our only criticism is that the screws provided for attaching it to the wall were of 
Works like Hertz. The unit looks and sounds like the Hertz Never Lost unit.The windshield mount is long, and other mounting optionsshould be explored. The unit is hard to see 
Desktop Air Conditioner. It is a small, narrow fan unless you use iced water. Then it will feel more like an a c. It will not help in direct sunlight. 
deb cain green bay wis. the leadsinger mike is awesome works great. have used it at several get togethers at home. have 7 additional chips as well.would highly recommend it 
small wonder. [...] for a portable radio?Worth every penny. This little gem is a great addition - whether it just gets moved around the house, garage or garden, or finds 
Great Scanner but software could be better. I purchased my V ED scanner through Amazon about 2 years ago and have been extraordinarily happy with it. While slower than professional-level 
Good one to use. Me and my friend both got a laptop mouse. I bought this one while he settled got Logitech mouse. The ratings for that mouse were better 
HD DVD Rules! Don t believe Blu Ray s hype!. I waited until March 2007 to take the hd plunge, and I bought this from Amazon for 375 with shipping 
Stylish but just the right size. I read a few reviews on this 1st and was concerned that it would be big enough for my 17 HP but my concerns 
HDUP1500 HDTV Upconverter. This is about the least expensive Scaler you will find, Period. I have a Home Theater system which includes a Front projection system with a D-Theater 40000u 
Great Ram. This is just what my computer needed. Applications are opening faster, the computer is booting faster too. Great addition to my computer. What a nice jump from 512mb 
Needed formatting. It arrived promptly. I use it as a second harddrive. Windows would not recognise it until I used Partition Magic to delete the partition and creat new partitions 
GREAT PRODUCT. I do alot of tax returns that have lots of graphics. When I used an HP printer, I went through about 5 toners in a sesaon. I ve 
Very good relation price quality. This pedal offers a very dirty distortion, perfect to play thrash metal, but not heavy metal. I would not recomend this pedal for solo, cause 
Graphire4. The tablet was very easy to install and get working with Adobe Photoshop CS2 and Microsoft OneNote. The tablet settings dialog was intuitive, and I liked the variety of 
Nano Review Two-THOUSAND SIX!! Yeah!!. Very happy with the Nano. It was a gift for my girlfriend and she enjoys it thoroughly. She struggled a little with the volume being 
It s a CD DVD Cleaner....give me a break. This is exactly what the title says it is. A disc that cleans CD DVD drives. The scotch name is the 
Expandable!. Cool! I can expand my-single-USB-port-laptop more flexible.From single peripheral to be quadruplet. I can plug Flashdisk, mouse, external and digital camera in same time. Worth money for usefull gadget 
Excellent! seller is prompt to deliver. I would not hesitate to purchase from this seller again. Timely delivery and exactly what I saw on the website  
HL-52540 review. This is an excellent product for home business: cheap, efficient, fast, economic, easy to set and to use.Only one regret: I got the HL-5240N in my office a 
Very functional case. Very functional case and carabiner. The plastic cover for the screen is completely worthless and the tape it ships with will not come off.  
Best Deal on Amazon. I would only use genuine Epson Ink for my 2200 and when Amazon has them on sale with free shipping- it is really a great deal 
Cavalry CAUE37160 160 GB Pre-Formatted External Hard Drive USB 2.0. Its been great. It was well worth the money. If you have a lot of music files that need storing 
Great service help. Great printer fax scan copy machine. Had it for 1.5 years before I tried to set up the scan software. Was very frustrated but Kathy at the 
Good sound considering the price. These speakers were fairly inexpensive but they produce a nice quality sound. Bass sounds good, I like the external volume and treble bass control, as 
Great !!!!!. I love this product. The earbuds were even better than I had expected. I wanted something small that wouldn t hurt my ears and I wanted a long 
It works fine. I recently got the iogear GCS14, and it s been working fine for me. My setup consists of:Main Monitor: Dell 2001FPMain Keyboard: Keytronic s PS2 keyboard Model 
This little recorder is awesome!. I ve been in the newspaper business for many years, and I ve always used recorders at governmental meetings, interviews, etc. -- much easier and 
Great Ribbon Great price. I got the ribbon, fast and it works great. love my printer. THe software is not the greatest but I would recommend it  
Great product at a reasonable price!. I bought this product after reading several reviews here at Amazon. The setup to configure it to my cable system was a little tricky, 
Great product. I recieved this product for christmas, I have charged it once since then, have listened to it on 3 - 1 hour rides, 1 - 4 hour ride 
Seems to be a good buy. The previous Switch fried itself. Cost was fair and installation easy  
Just be aware... I bought an iAudio U2, and Amazon recommended this as an accessory. Although I saw it was for a different model, I thought it must be the 
The best. I have owned many sets of headphones, and I can honnestly say these are the best I have ever had.This is the way music was meant to be 
great, but still could use slight improvements. i love my ihome, and would recommend it to anyone; i ve never understood why so many reviewers complain about tiny flaws... yet 
Worth the . Sound quality is very good and they do have noise canceling properties. Would definitely buy again  
Amazing Picture!!. I was going to get the Oppo upconverting DVD player, since I have a large collection of standard DVDs and wanted to wait out the High Def DVD 
works great, good price. Great price for a 128MB jump drive, works perfectt for my daughters college work, such a good price I bought  
Works Perfect. I bought this and it worked wonderfully out of the box. I am using it on a Motorola e815 phone and once I figured out I needed to 
SanDisk Sansa c240 Mp3 player. I really like this player, the size and sound are wonderful for the price  
Great Choice. This thing works great. I had no problem hooking it up and it ran my lap top without any trouble. It was a little overkill for what i 
As advertised... I bought this privacy filter for my Dell M90 17 workstation notebook. The filter fits my screen nearly perfectly and met all my expectations in that regard. It 
BEST EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Trust me on my word. This is the best calculator ever. And if you dont believe me just because i am a kid, well it s your loss. 
Great photo printer for the price!. This photo printer came included as part of a computer package I bought from Best Buy. There is no USB cable included as stated 
Does exactly what it says. Works perfectly, solid construction and very low profile, dirt cheap.. Shipping cost more than the product itself  
Fantastic Reception. I was using a saucer-type omni-directional antenna to receive my local HD stations. This worked well for the stations that were in town, apart from a couple of 
Great Flash Memory Card. It work very good and I have found nothing wrong with it  
A great product with a great use; could be a little better. I bought the iTop because my iPod case is the Belkin leather case with the velcro opening and 
4 because I have not needed it yet. I received the paperwork promptly but have not needed to use it yet so I dont know how well the warranty works 
Very Clear Headphones. I had been shopping for a pair of headphones with the ability to block out background noise for sometime now since I work in a loud environment. 
Great Sound and Best Ever Under Windy Conditions. I run 50 to 70 miles a week with an MP3 player, usually listening to books or lectures, wrapping up with music. 
Great for the Frequent Traveller. I am a corporate trainer, and I use these little speakers for audio during some of my PowerPoint presentations. They have also kept me company 
A Great Buy!!!. Very reasonably priced, clear LCD display, and did I say reasonably priced. It s great for video games, movies, and it can also be used as a 
Good quality, price, and styling. Product performed well. Sound quality is good to excellent. It picks up foreground and background sounds well. Great price for Sony product.  
Printer Love. I adore this printer. I got it to replace the HP LaserJet 4P, which replaced my HP LaserJet II. It is fast. I rarely jams. When it jams, 
Mac users rejoice!. The BU-353 can be used with BOTH OS 9 and 10. The latest PL-2303 drivers can be found here: http: www.prolific.com.tw eng downloads.asp?ID=31With the OS 9 extension, 
iRiver T10. This is my second iRiver product. The first one was fine but it couldn t survive a trip through the washing machine. This one works well, is easy 
A real bargain! Very Reliable. I ve had this product for over a year and use it with my Nikon D50. It has performed flawlessly in less than perfect environments, 
Works well with dodgy XP installs. I bought a wireless adapter for 20 from some manufacturer that I hadn t ever heard of and don t remember. It had some 
Tons of room. The Sony 1 GB Memory Stick has tons of room for all my photos. It makes it great when you re on a vacation and you don 
1st memory card for 1st digital camera. Great, fast memory card. Price on Amazon was best I found. Thought that 256 MB would provide enough storage while on 3 day 
Olympus M Type 512MB xD Picture Card. Very happy with it and also the price I paid for it  
If I knew then what I know now... I d still buy it. So, I was a little weary to buy an iTrip after hearing some mixed reviews. It seemed 
Holds securely, works perfectly. I have the Magellan Meridian Platinum. The mount holds it securely. It comes with a rubber strip that provides some shock absorption. It has a nice 
Wacom Graphire. I was very pleased with the service. I received the purchase very quickly and it was delivered in perfect condition. I d highly recommend this merchant  
Hi Def TV, Cable, DVD s and X-box all look Fantastic!. Bottom line - best major purchase I have made since I bought a home with a finished basement!I got 
Does it all. Great for home theater, just as good for listening to music. Very happy with the product, has more features than I need. Easily adjusted, easily connected  
Great Toshiba quality. We re upgrading from our 15 yo Toshiba tube TV. SDTV comes out so-so as with all LCDs, the pixelating is somewhat annoying, but HDTV comes out 
How much do you LOVE music?. Well people, you re looking at 500.00 in ear monitors IEM . Either you are rich, or you really, REALLY appreciate high quality audio.First 
decent, but confusing receiver. I have had this receiver for 10 months and am still figuring out its capabilities. I like the receiver, and it has been a learning experience 
Best of the Best - Wacom Intuos3 9x12 USB Tablet. I m a digital media student and freelance multimedia artist, and my mom is a retired commercial artist.We both bought 
Awesome TUNER! It works on my MacBook!. Man! I live in Marietta, GA - 17 miles from HDTV towers. I can get all HDTV channels with that included antenna!!!! Yes!!! 
Another great CH product. I ve owned and used this unit for a little over two years now. Its just as reliable and durable as the Fighterstick but not as 
Great, but wife thinks too bright!. I m really enjoying this clock radio. I looked around quite a bit before I found this with all the features I needed. Only 
Excellent Safe & Highly Portable. I have had this Kodak Charger for almost 2 years now. I liked it so well I went back and order another one for my 
Excellent but a bit strident sometimes. A very beautiful piece of furniture. Sturdy and well finished. Solid bass but not deep . Excellent sound but sometimes a bit strident harsh 
Nice mount. I bought this mount for my 32 . This is a very solid, well built mount. I also bought one for my 42 . Would buy another if 
Best Value, Vibrant, Full Face Matte.... I have found, for the money spent, these are the best value. They have vibrant, full face printing, and I have always had a 
Great deal on a wonderful product. I have used about half of these batterys. Mostly in clocks and different items around the house, but also I used them in the 
It s good webcam. Nice picture quality at even low light. Nice experience after purchasing. Buy this, no problem at al  
prayers answered. i bought this phone for my mother as a xmas gift.she has macular degeneration,and is hard of hearing.the big buttons,voice enhancer and spkr.phone functions are as she said 
Outstanding fax. Really works beautifully in an office environment. Print quality is excellent. Quiet and fast. Prompt shipping, no hassle purchase at great price. You won t be disappointed  
Shoulder Pack for IM7. Overall quality very good. Provides moderate padded protection for your speakers. Fit is a bit tight for the speaker unit. It fits, it s just a 
A very good, compact CB. This CB is a very good buy. For the quality of it, the price is the best I ve seen. I used it with the 
Excellent speaker mount. I ended up buying 4 of these mounts for my Polk speakers my front speakers weigh about 5.5 pounds and my surrounds are 3.5 pounds . The 
Held up for a year and a half after a motorcycle accident. I use this backpack to carry my laptop, books, shoes, lunch, gym clothes, etc. to work and school 
Big and fast...and with amazon...value-priced and free shipping. I use this with my Canon Rebel XT, and it works fantastic.With 8 MP camera, you need to have fast media or 
This adaptor is just an excuse to get more money from you. The connections offered on this cable could just as easily been made available on the Slingbox HD unit 
A really great phone. Has really lasted through the use of two kids and holds a great charge. Clear reception throughout the house, even in the basement. I m looking 
Very handy!. I have really enjoyed using my Labelmaker. The refills are kind of pricey, but I feel that overall it s well worth the money! Great product  
Great product. After getting a Nano, I had a hard time finding a protective case for use during running that would also allow for easy removal and transfer of my 
Good Product. This High Def power outlet has protected my home theatre at least four or five times that I can remember. Whenever there s a power surge in my 
Big sound!. This has excellent sound and clarity for how small it is! We had to mess with it a little bit to get the right attachment to get the 
pretty good shredder. works very well, except for when it overheats it shuts down for a 4 min coffee break :- and then picks up again. However, It has started 
The best Surge Protector I ve Ever bought. It is worth the . I hooked up all my electronics to it. The plugs are held extremely tight, and they will 
it works like a dream. I am a recent convert and just got a new 12-inch powerbook. The retailer who sold it to me was supposed to have installed the 
Great for the price. Its a great graphics card, especially for the price. I got it to improve Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 and it did. But the controls arent as 
What to Consider... When I buy flash memory, I consider price, speed, manufacturer and vendor. I got this particular memory stick for a SonyEricsson w810i phone. I paid extra to 
great radio. I have 2 of these. 1 mono, 1 w. the stereo unit. Both are GREAT! the controls are complete, but easy to remember and made for humans. the 
Great Router. I have a basic knowledge of networking and I found this router to be just what I was looking for. The CD that came with the router did 
Just as good. I have used the replacement grade cartridge several times now and have found no difference between the higher priced brand name unti  
Works fine but not enough yield and too costly. I have been using these cartridges for several years and they work fine so far as inkjet print quality is concerned.However, 
Great Buy. I couldn t believe what other sources were asking for HDMI cables. When I saw the price Dayton was asking I decided to give them a try. If 
Awesome. I love this jump drive. It holds so much stuff and is small enough to keep attached to my keys and in my pocket for whenever I need it 
Comfy, smooth sound. I read lots of reviews of various brands here and elsewhere, and based on my findings I bought the Vibe s on Amazon. I didn t try 
Great product, worth the price. The Memorex DVD R 16x discs are great. I have a LaCie external 16x burner that I use with my mac and I have not 
Love it. Bought this particular remote for the backlit buttons, which other models do not have. Initially it did not switch to the right channel on my old TV when 
Lots of Good, with a few Blues. I have owned this Sony Blue Ray for just about 6 weeks. I hooked it up to a Bravia 40 via HDMI and 
Good deal for the price -- Just not quite a 5. I picked up a DSM-G600 this past week because I needed a small NAS that I could use with 
Good System at a good price. I purchased this after a long search. Owning a Jwin iLuv i277, I was happy with the somewhat cheap products the company puts out. 
Good case, one flaw... I have an older iPod Photo that got very banged up in simple everyday use. Scratches and dings abound on it. The new 30GB Video iPod 
Great Disk for the Price. I tried cheap DVD-Rs for my movie collection but they fell flat when I tried to use them on my DVD player. Recommend you buy 
Great Labels. I use these labels exclusively, after a few experiences with other brands. They re thick enough not to tear if you peel them off quickly, and they don 
Solid phone. Both the phone & answering system sound great. The phone is solid. I hope this lasts as long as my previous Panasonic. The only thing I don t 
Not bad but a bit bulky. Generally the unit performed quite well as is documented in other reviews. The larger 4 screen is a big step up from 3.5 It 
Superb Wireless Print Server. The Belkin is super easy to set up. Had it up and running in less than 3 minutes! The only way it could have possibly been 
Great LCD!!! Great Colors!!! Sexy Look!!!. Bought this LCD three weeks ago and I m really happy with my purchase. Some people won t like the Super Clear Panel because 
good purchase. couldn t find a boombox that was lightweight but sounded good and had mp3playback. It is fine, does everything I expected. It gets more useage than my hi 
works well. This generally works well but does have some static but usually resolves quickly  
A total disc saver. As a collector of CDs, I pick up discs in many varrying conditions. I recently decidedit was time for me to take it to the next 
Useful while driving. I purchased this item a month ago and it works well for me. It sticks well to the windshield, the handheld stays in place and is easy 
Great value for money. Earlier I possesed a Texas Instruments TI30XA Scientific Calculator but had to buy a new calculator since I lost my previous one. So I decided to 
Unlike other USB Hubs. This is very well designed. It give you 4 USB Port but two on opposite sides. This is very clever becase you have plug in devices 
High quality wide format printer. Very hiqh quality vivid photo printing with accurate color. I have brought this for its ability to do 11 x 17 size and it has 
Great Storage Space, a little tight for Inspiron 9400. I love the SwissGear product line, and I decided that my new laptop case should be a backpack this time as 
movietime. Excellent sound system, reminds you of being in a movie theatre. Great, Great system  
Only One Complaint. I would like for my daughter to listen to music until she falls to sleep and still be able to have the alarm go off in the 
It works!. I bought a new cable ready TV and found that with rabbit ears certain channels were unwatchable. With the Terk TV5 the unwatchable channels were improved to good 
Great card! However, Nvidia needs better Vista drivers as of 3 29 2007. The card is blistering fast. I just wish it didn t take a performance hit in Vista. 
A great little radio with a big sound. I have looked at these for years and tried several boom boxes and job site radios with no success. Reception is always 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
Hold onto your tips. These headphones sound great and once you pick the proper size ear tips fit great too! The big downside of these is that the ear tips 
Very Good External USB Floppy Drive!. It is a reliable product which works just fine with my Toshiba laptop running Windows XP Home edition.I simply plugged it into my laptop 
Love this paper!. I purchased this paper to go with my new Canon I-9900 printer and love the results. I first tried the Canon matt photo paper thinking it would 
Stable performance, a little bit expensive. This card works great with my linksys router. Even under heavy network triffic, it still works perfectly, no drop. The only problem is the 
Excellent purchase ... The initial flash card that came with my camera was far too short to save pictures. When I went surfing for another flash card with some depth, 
Audiovox XM radio. I already had one radio. Purchased second radio for daughter. Easy install and activation. Radio works well  
Netgear wireless extender fills the void. I recently purchased two computers for our home. One was a lap top for my wife and the other was a desktop for my 
Good product without instructions. I purchased this product for my 3 yr old. He loves it and it works with most of his computer games to my surprise. It did 
SanDisk Quality = Awesome Card. I bought this card about 6 months ago when I received a Nikon Coolpix 5700 as a gift. I have to say, this card has 
Top Value Price. This phone performs all functions as advertised. Quality is superior value at a modest price  
Great notebook case. I purchased this for my wife who wanted a case for herHP Pavilion Notebook PC DV5139US , screen size 15.4 , ht 1.8 , wdth 14.1 , 
Pretty good cases. I like these Case Logic wallets pretty well. The wallets are just the right size to fit comfortably on a bookshelf or on the bottom rack of 
Cheaper and good alternative to Apple power adaptor. This power adaptor comes with an USB dock cable, all for about 1 3 of what you pay for both items from 
No complaints. Reviews have been pretty mixed for these headphones, so I hesitated to buy them without hearing them first. I happened to recently find myself nearby to a Bose 
Great value for 95 of us. I read the excellent reviews for these speakers and was skeptical. However, the price was right so there wasn t much risk. So . 
A must for any satellite radio owner. Cradle is exactly the same as the car kit, so setup was very easy. The antenna will take some time to find the 
Great buy for any reason!. I used to buy those cheap [...] red laser pointers at gun shows and flea markets, just to have some fun, but the batteries didn 
Works Great. I have had absolutely no problems with my car kit. The design is actually pretty good, and the self-stick tape holds it in place quite well. I have 
Review of Tuner. We are very please w the tuner we purchased. It works great and was very easy to install.  
Excellent Quality - Looks great. I had been searching for a Mocha colored wood stand for my plasma television that would look great in a corner. At first, I was 
incredibly fast!!!. this drive is amazing! 4gb in under 10 minutes varified!i have recommended it to my associates and so far three of them have purchased the product. money well 
So far, so good. So far,so good. I have had it about a 5 or 6 weeks. It replaced my CanoScan 650. I do notice that it is louder when 
Targus mouse. Theis is a small manuverable mouse. I especially like it for playing games since it is very quick. I had one before and I would buy another if 
Naaaahhhh!! I wouldn t recommend this one!. When we initially pulled this out the box, I was excited becaue it was crafted so well! Real wood and excellent craftsmanship - 
Works great, although the first one was DOA. Does the job. Installation was fairly easy. I suggest downloading the latest driver and installer. Works great, although it occasionally must be 
Older kid. The walkman is easy to use with enough memory for my meager uses. The sound is excellent, but I use an older set of Sony head phones rather 
These do amke adifference over composite. Hi, after trying component over my previous composite , the picture looked DIFFERENT! I finnally realized I had been missing out by cheaping it 
Press HARD on the SET key!!. I toyed with this thing all afternoon and it was the reviews left here that led me to use a metal crochet hook to 
Great Quality!. In comparison to the component cables, the quality is a little better. I don t think I agree with those who say you MUST have HDMI cables to 
Great product. This is a great product. I would rate this 5 stars if the setup was easy. I have this for over a month now and no problems with 
Exactly what I needed. I have a custom built dual-monitor PC with a Wireless MS kb & optical mouse 1 usb port . I also have an IBM Thinkpad 42p 
7000 Worth the wait!. Been using this keyboard for a few hours now. I had problems with the onboard mouse controls the touch mouse and click bottons on the keyboard, 
Toshiba TV 24 . This TV is pretty neat. I bought it for my mother who is in a nursing home and she loves it. The picture is clear and 
Great Drive Ever. I have had 2 different brands of flash drives. One was a lexar that i went through 2 in about a 4 month span. I have 2 
sirius rocks. A very good product, but the fantastic part is sirius radio itself. Howard rules!  
Nice.... This hub is something you just don t see too often today, and that s something solidly built. It stays where you put it and XP likes it as 
JBL Quality Sound. JBL has been known for decades for its quality sweet sound. From big concert systems & high end studio monitors to these little powerhouses, the sound is 
So far so good. I ve had this unit for a few months, and so far it works as well as the expensive and completely reliable JVC that I ve 
Wojnderfully Comfortable Earbuds. Omigod!The reviews from CNET and others are spot on!The buds that came with my Samsa e260 were far too big and hurt to wear.These are perfect!Deep Velvet 
Reads and writes so fast. I use it from 6 months with an 1GB microSD card and with my old 512SD. Reads and writes so fast. And cheap. Wish it 
Great Life. I have used Energizer Batteries for many years and I have found that they work much better than Duracell or anyother battery. These batteries are especiall great for 
Western Digital 250 External Hard Drive. Exceptional product. Easy to setup and had complete backup within minutes of receiving this product. Nicely made and not too bulky for your desk. 
Tape is Tape. The tape works fine; it s little pricey but when I catch it at a good price I buy enough to last a while. I label just 
Good iPod solution for car stereos with aux input. If your car stereo has an auxiliary input, this works well to power and connect an iPod. Just insert the Belkin 
Great!. Great HD, works well, installed onto Dell Dimension 2400 over a month ago and no problems. Recommended  
Amazing. This stand installs like a charm. All you need is a screwdriver. Everything else is provided for you.Just pop in about 6 screws in total depending on your LCD 
Works as advertised, but... A quality product with great storage capacity, but I bought this before really doing my homework. It just isn t fast enough for use in high 
Great case. I got this case a few weeks ago and so far it works very nicely. The protection is excellent. My only problem is it can be hard to 
Perrrrrrrrrrrrrfect!!!!! and adorable. The Hello Kitty televison with DVD is perfect!~!!!! It fits great in a toddlers room on the dresser... it is not to big and not to small... 
zune rocks. I am using my second zune, and is awesome. The first one got broken almost the day after I received it. Amazon did a good job replacing the 
Works on my network with win XP Pro and Win 98SE. Works fine. set up three of them on my network. 3 XP Pro computes computers and one running Win 
cobra pr 5000 gmrs frs. I am a member of the Community Emergency Response Team.This radio offers a comfortable range of operation for localized team communications.Another very important issue in 
Great Hub. This hub takes care of old power issues I had with smaller unpowered hubs . It is handling my pda, usb jump drive, high capacity external drive, and 
Component video cables. I am very pleased with this product. They are great cables at a great price. They work great too. Save money and order these yourself. Thanks, R.T. 
Excellent Heavy Duty Cable. This is an excellent cable and much cheaper than in-store...if you need a cable, buy this one for sure. It s 8 ft and cheaper than 
Power anything with in reason . I bought this power supply because the breastpump that I used did not have a car adapter. Instead of buying a new breastpump, this 
Fantastic case. I looked at all the different cases for my new iPod with video, and the reviews kept pointing me back to this case. So I bought it. it 
Very good quality for the money. I wish it had more storage capacity.The controls are fantastically easy to figure out and use right away.Convenient lock switch to keep you from 
One of the good high speed CF readers on the market. Just some specs missing from amazon s description:USB 2.0 CompactFlash ReaderSmall and travels with easeLED status indicator indicates when 
Clean Sounding & Great Stereo Power Amp w many possibilities. I Like it alot ! I bought it for what it is. A nice & compact Amp with minimal features. 
Excellent product, poor instruction manual. Once I got this working, I love it. It s a great way to view photos from my photo iPod while listening to my favorite 
Works beautifully!! .... After setup. This remote is the best I have found without breaking into the ridiculously priced 100 Logitech Harmony remotes. I have succesfully condensed 4 remotes down 
A Great First Juicer. I researched juicers for several weeks before deciding on this one. For my first juicer I am totally satisfied. It is much more quiet than reviews 
Great Picture...Sound is not good. I have had this tv since the weekend before the Superbowl. The Superbowl and any Nascar race looks incredible. Many reviews I read everyone on 
Great Mouse. I recently got a laptop a couple weeks ago, and while I m starting to get used to the touchpad, let s just face it. To get more 
Sudoku Puzzle by Franklin. Good product, complex enough to be of use for a long time  
Very good SD Card. I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the 
Great Hardware; No Printed Manual. The Axiom line is the only M-Audio line with aftertouch - which is required for a serious MIDI controller. Another bonus over the Oxygen line 
Nifty little item. I now use mine all the time. I ve had my unit since August it s now December and I ve only recently begun to use it 
Very good with a great price. I was looking for an affordable DVD player and found this one. It has been working very well for nearly a month and I 
Brother Fax machine. The machine is working great.The process of buying and shipping was good.Thanks again for your costumer services  
Gamer s Keyboard. I purchased the Zboard after seeing it for sale in the store. I have long wanted a keyboard that made gaming easier and this seemed to fit 
works every time. This did exactly what I wanted it to do. Sure, it has the ocasional route that I wonder about in areas where I m very familiar , 
Nice compromise. Like most people who purchased Shure headphones I have the E3C , I tried all the sleeves: The translucent ones were too hard and kept falling out; the 
Amazon sells the Retail Version. The other poster states that you can get this drive for 50 less through the Manufacturer but fails to mention that they are selling the 
Easy to assemble, install, and use! Excellent for the mobile person. I just purchased the Cannon Pixma IP90 Printer and needed it to be a mobile printer. This product was 
Exactly what I expected. This simple product supports the wrist as you use your mouse. I find it releives stress on the hand. It s covered in slick nylon fabric. 
Great Prices on SD cards!. SD cards are dropping in price on a daily basis it seems.I don t like to use too large of a capacity since my tragic 
Great Service and Product. I ordered a Lexar Media Multi Card Reader. I didn t know there was such a thing. When it came everything worked perfect and for a 
Simply amazing printer. I have owned the Canon BJC portable printers in the past and they have worked flawlessly, but the package HP has put together with this printer can 
Great functionality!. This is a great unit, but does have some problems, depending on your connections. The HDMI hookup is excellent and recording to HDD is a breaze. The one 
Great Monitor but... I replaced my 19 CRT with this monitor and love it.The color is sharp and games look great.The only thing is the stand does not tilt or 
Great Hardware, Slightly Troublesome Software. I love my clip! It sits in my pocket, on my keychain, and there s not a chance in the world that it s going 
Motorola Cordless Phone with Answering System. I received my phone on the shipping date that was specified. I love the phone. The caller ID windows are nice size on both 
Works so well, it s scary!. I purchased this dehumidifier to tackle my overly-humid house. I live in California, but my house is naturally very humid around 75 on average 
great paper. i used this paper for a professional quality architecture portfolio, with high resolution images on both sides of the paper, and it came out great. took me two 
Great little radio for the price... this cb radio is a great buy...I installed mine in my semi..and it works great...the radio is the same as the cobra 19..so i 
Grandma Next thing to being there!. Love the Webcam, inexpensive and so affordable that I could send one to all my children and grandchildren that live all over the US.. 
Does the Job. It has become nearly impossible to find a compact stereo of any quality with a cassette deck and an Aux input. I mean what is with the 
PRO 520XL does NOT include single-sideband SSB mode. The editorial product review is incorrect  
Great product!. I ride a bus twice a day and want some privacy there when working on my notebook computer, so I bought this product. It includes sticky tabs to 
Excellent recorder - even for music. I bought this to record rock shows, after having been impressed with the quality of some bootlegs I d heard recorded on it earlier 
Pure and refined beauty ... I do not have much experience with comparing of headphones, but I simply adore these. I use these beyerdynamic DT 880 s mainly for listening 
Worth the money. This case is well made. The magnetic latch stays in place when intended, but is easy to open when retrieving the camera with one hand. Similarly, the 
Easy Set-up and operation. The belkin print server was a replacement to a wired Hawking print server. The Belkin is 10x more reliable and was very easy to install. Works 
not a must-have, but very neat gadget. there are 3 things that i really like the atv for, watching video podcasts, photos and movie trailers. i personally like to watch 
Works great... with extra hardware for metal studs. The mount was great for my TV, and a great price. But package doesn t include hardware for mounting to drywall with 
An Exceptional Value. No, It s not as good or as realistic as a real set and not as good a digital drum set as a Roland V Drum setup, 
Great if you don t like playlists. I really like this player but for me, it has a critical shortcoming...no playlist capability. I am a road bike cyclist and I 
Maxell diskettes. The Maxell 3.5 preformatted diskettes are just what I wanted. In fact I have never been disappointed with any of the merchandise I have ordered from Amazon .I 
This one is awesome!. Easy to setup, hooks up with my iPaq HX4705 very easily. I am using Microsoft Pocket Streets and Trips 2005, iNav iGuidance 2.1, both works pretty 
Very good all-in-one printer. I have to wonder if maybe a bad batch of these printers was sent out by HP. I have been using it with great results Since 
Poor quality control. The original box that the cartridge came with, was crushed. The shipping carton was in perfect condition. Obviously Amazon tried to get rid of a damaged item. 
Great Pictures - but which side is which?. After much research and shopping around, I bought an i9900 last month. I have been extremely happy with the picture quality and 
Don t Spend Extra For Monster Cable!. This works perfectly, and it is built very well. My picture looks great and sound is also great  
Great PDA, but if the battery hits 0, you lose everything!. I ve owned my Tungsten E for about 3 years now, I m on my second one as the 
Decent product. Excellent Customer Service. I bought this converter to hook up my PC S PDIF out to my home theater receiver. This converter worked like a charm. However, after 
Absolutly Insane. No Cons.This are the best headphones I ever try. Sound is amazing. COnfortable shape, portable, etc  
Great material too big for Apple Powerbook 15.2. Nice material but too large for my powerbook 15.2 notebook. If you have a larger laptop than it is a great buy 
Samsung 56 DLP. I bought this item on April 17 and it arrived at my place on April 25. I bought it from Amazon directly for 1799 and it included 
Reliable and Durable. These and Fuji are the best CDRs on the market. Very few bad disks in the batch. The price seals the deal!  
HP N6010 Scanjet. This is not your use at home to scan the kids pictures scanner. This is a low cost mid-business to small business machine. I found it to 
great better than name brand recharable batteries. this product is great charges way faster than my energizer or panasonic battery chargers  
Must have on Windows, if you are a photographer working with Photoshop. Been waiting for the Windows version since I saw the product at PMA on Mac earlier this year. 
Great Unit, but. I recently pulled out my all Alpine setup consisting of the DVA-7996, XM Tuner, and iPod adapter to make the jump into the world of in-car navigation, 
Not what I was looking for. I m sure these earphones work and sound fine but I was looking for something softer smaller for my apparently small earholes. :  
Good value. This product was easy to figure out, and does what it s supposed to  
warm sounding, warm on your ears. These are great sounding headphones. They re very comfortable and soft on the ears. But they are warm: I have to take them off 
Great Keyboard. GREAT KEYBOARd i m totally happy with this fantastic peace.. you can do combinations and the ilumination it s soo cool  
Worth Every Penny. I purchased this keyboard as a birthday gift for my wife and have been more then pleased with it. She told me that it s even nicer 
Swift, accurate service. Ordering replacement parts for IT and IT support poducts can be a nuisance. Amazin Amazon has served up a unique combination of swift and accurate, highly effective 
Perfect for traveling laptop. This mouse performs as flawlessly as a full size optical mouse. I would consider a few benefits to owning this mouse as I have: smaller to 
Awesome fun!. Our three year old is having a blast with this drum set. It s a great way for kids to get musically involved and educated at a young 
old standby. This is about the only mouse I buy, have gone through a couple of them in the past few years. I just can t see spending alot of 
Easy to assemble!!!. Great stand, very sturdy. Easy to assemble, about a half an hour or so, all you need is a phillips screwdriver and a flat head or a 
awesome player. The sound and picture quality is fantastic.Nothing short of amazing.Plus I think it is as good or better than bluray. ja  
great for my mp3 player. I love this 512mb SD card, its not slow its pretty good i got it bundle with a 1gig SD card too.works great with my 
SanDisk 1 GB SD Memory Card. It s a memory card and it works! I have never had a problem with any memory card I have owned including this one. 
Wow. I was shopping around to replace a 19 crt and found this acer. A lot of sites gave it rave reviews. The price 289 for a 22 ? That 
Speakerphone for everyone!. This phone has been great - we ve had it for about 6 months now and have yet to run into any problems. I wanted it for 
Practical and Usefull. This item is very nice, its practical becuase have a gos size, great sound and in only one iten you can have a radio, clock and sound 
Perfect device!!. This iPAQ is great. A lot of features. The GPS works very well. I have installed another GPS Application and using a GPSGate everything works.Sometimes I have to 
Alternate pick to Ipod. I was programming an Ipod for a friend and became interested in buying one for myself. I went to the store to get some info on 
Awesome!. Being a metalhead myself, I very much thought it might of overpowered the music the phones that is. I read very many reviews on these headphones, and thought it 
Nice unit. I wanted this player for it s DivX support. It works great and set up was easy  
Kingston Travellite Card Reader with 2 GB SD Card. I bought the Kingston Travellite Card Reader with a 2 GB SD Card as a compromise between an SD Card and 
Great for the price. I admit that I bought these speakers because they matched my mac mini really well, but I am pleased with the sound quality given that they 
Be Careful about Compatibility. Be careful about compatibility as a miniSDHC device often won t work in a miniSD slot. A firmware upgrade, new device driver, operating upgrade might make 
the next best thing since slice bread !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. i normally dont write reviews of things i buy because: i guess im lazy . i decide to write one for this 
Does what is says. This is my first time into the wireless networking world. I d consider myself pretty computer savvy. The instructions were pretty straight forward and setup took 
they do the job. these speaker stands are ok. they re solid and seem to be well built. my only problem is the higher you extend them, the more prone 
Smooth and easy - works out of the box. This is a terrific little labeler that I bought after reading Getting Things Done by David Allen. The operation is smooth 
im716 headphone review. I purchased these headphones because I needed isolation from noise and these did the trick. The sound quality is great and the quality of the headphones themselves 
Very good for the money!. This was the first flash drive I bought, and I liked it enough to buy a second one. I ve since given both of them 
Great RAM. It really beats my Kingston 667 by a far margin. I am using it with my Asus M2N32 WS Professional motherboard with FX-62. Previously i am using kingston 
Very Good Product. I am not going to rehash what the other comments have said. Most that mention pros and cons are accurate. Here is my addition. Joystick is not 
Just as advertised. We purchased this keyboard for our 5 year old and it is a great starter, as the name states. Not too many buttons to be overwhelming but 
Great player, not many extras. The remote is simple, and light in weight. For the price, this little unit shows a top quality pic. You won t go wrong to 
works great. Worked great for my 15GB ipod. Unpacked, plug in, put my ipod in, press play and I was good to go. Using it in a 12 x 12 
Great bedroom TV!. Perfect for a bedroom.The sleep timer is the best.Easy set up.DVD works great. Color and picture are clear and bright.Could not ask for more.Truly a bargain  
Pure AV is Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!. This is a wonderful product. The construction is top notch and easily matches and exceeds the build quality of the much higher priced Monster Cable wire. 
Awesome Player. i have had this player for about 3 weeks and i got tosay it is awesome. the battery life on mine is 5 hours before it needs to 
Very pleased. This was a good buy. Quality of sound and picture is very good. Easy to operate. We re enjoying it  
great cable, but overpriced. Great cable quality; the dvi connection fits snug and the screws aren t flimsy as with other cables.Would get 5 but Monster s suggested retail price 
Linksys SRX200. This is my second Linksys product and so far, so good. This unit was simple to set up with the cd provided, a few quick steps and voila 
SKYFi2 Home Adapter. The home adapter is actually much easier than the directions show. I laid the antenna on an inside window sill and the sound was perfect. The total 
The best purchase I have ever made. I searched Amazon and about a dozen other sites for weeks, reading reviews, comparing features, looking for sales, and even though I found 
works as advertised. Works fine. I m using this cable to make my Dell 700m do TV output to TVs w o svideo inputs  
Very happy with this item. A lot has been said about the seller s shipping prices. Yes, they are exhorbitant, but compared to Apple s price-gouging, I couldn t be 
Excellent. The weather alert radio arrived with no problems and was what I expected. Unfortunately, our area does not have good reception, yet.After the tornado recently hit central Florida everyone 
Good Inexpensive Mount. I bought this from Amazon at about half the price of local retailers. Arrived in two days with Amazon Prime free shipping. The mount is good, simple 
great car charger. I bought this from amazon,& it is grrrrreat charges my zen vision m in 1&1 2hrs. buy it you will love it if you have a zen........ 
Casio Fossil. These watches are antediluvian. I love em. I ve been using them since the last millenium, and I tried some of the newer watches. These re older than 
Lexar Multi Card Reader. Completely satisfied with the Lexar Media Multi Card Reader. Simple and easy to use  
problem solved. after installing a bigger video card that had its own fan i was still getting heat troubles bought this fan and everything is nice and cool i thought 
Works seamlessly. I have used this product for the last 6 months, and am happy to put away from remote controls for DVD, TV, Amplifier and VCR. The panel light 
Love this phone. We had an old Panasonic expandable cordless phone which was great except for the battery life, and we kept having to replace handsets. So we got a 
great for large collections and limited space. We have over a hundred CDs and this helped immensely to eliminate the clutter of a CD Wall & be visually appealing. The 
Better than my Targus pack. I do a lot of traveling for my job, and my Toshiba laptop went everywhere with me carried in my Targus backpack. I liked the 
Great and portable technology. Works great! Was packed well and shipped on a timely basis. THANKS  
Very nice little radio. I just needed a small inexpensive radio with a good stereo headphone jack to listen to at work that had better reception than my iRiver music 
Amazing TV. And Just the right size. Well ill have to keep this review short as its getting late.This is actually the first TV that i have taken to write 
Pleasantly surprised. I ve had really bad luck with portable DVD players. I had two Toshibas which were chock full of features, but both of them ended up malfunctioning after 
GREAT product!. AWSOME sound, fast track-to-track navigation in both MP3 and plain cd, very durable construction and pretty light for it s size. the only downside to this product is 
Best card so far. I have never really heard of Buffalo, however my Cisco teacher has, so I took a chance and bought one. I did have a cheap Motorola 
Nice, but breaks easily. I ve bought two sets of these earbuds in the past couple years. They re great; lightweight, they stay put, decent sound quality, can be used 
Better than expected - actually smells like bacon too, no joke. First of all, I took it out of the box and the thing actually smelled like bacon! Right there 
Great for carrying my ipod. I can keep my ipod in one zippered compartment and my earphones in the other.Perfect  
Well made mount !. Nothing to add to all the other 5 star ratings!!! Great product!!  
Lovely piece of work. I got this as a deal for 20 and I use it as a regular DVD player at home connected to my TV and a portable 
Excellent Quality Cases!. Originally i only ordered a 25-pack of these because they were at a good price. Afterwards i kinda regretted it, as my experience with slimline cases in 
Nice Card. After read a several reviews of this product, I was a little concern about the card performance but I had a good sorprise because, so far, the card 
Good sound, good price. This cable is doing a fine job of connecting my iPod to my car stereo. I had a more expensive cable doing the job over the 
great product. I bought this as a gift and the person loved it. Great deal for the money  
Great basic cordless phone at a great price. If you are looking for a new cordless phone, look no further, as you won t find a better phone at a 
An ok holder. This product is [retty good, but don t even try putting a bood on it, the holder will tip over and it doesn t clip the pages 
Not sure where Trevor Florida USA is coming from?. We re not sure where Trevor Florida USA is coming up with this statement about it being a mono signal. Our 
Sturdy little DVD Player. This is a nice, very compact, and affordable little DVD player. The picture is surprisingly good, albeit small. Great for younger children because the rubber strip 
SanDisk Sansa 1GB MP3 player. The software provided with the unit worked well, I bought another mp3 player from another manufacturer that locked up the computer. The menus are easy 
Zen V Plus 2 GB gets the job done. It s small enough to fit in your pocket. It s easy to use. It has a user defined graphic equalizer 
great power strip. Got 3 of them a few months ago, and buying another one now. Excellent product, fits many different plug types. No flaws.  
Awesome TV for the best Price. This is the best value you can get. Awesome picture with 10,000:1 Contrast Ratio. My XBOX 360 looks amazing with 1080i resolution. Definitely worth 
What a wonderful device!. I just recently decided to start running and working out again and came across this player. I read the reviews and was confident it was a 
Good as they get. I ve been driving a Logitech Momo black for about 3 years, and loved it. Until now.This new wheel, pedal, and gearshift set is, in a 
Whistler 325. Works great and I love the auto off feature so it doesn t run my battery down.  
great little printserver. Works fine, easy setup for Windows using its drivers to handle network printing. I m printing to a Samsung laser using LPR mode supported by this printserver 
Great case, great price. We love this case, it has good storage space and wooks good in the car. We bought this case on Amazon for about 1 2 the 
Great Buy!. Easy to install. Fully compatible with my Onkyo receiver. Good solid connection with no static or other other annoying background noise. Now I m able to list to 
Rockin Card For The Price. This card has 12 pixel pipelines, which is 3 times the power of the traditional cards that are just now being outdated. To compliment this, 
Great quality, nice design. This is an excellent product. It works perfect. It s compact enough for small hands, and it has all the advantage of an optical mouse. It 
Simple Solution For a Growing Home Office. With an expanding need for computing power at home personal and business use here we invested in a new tower and kept the 
my 2 cents. What else can I say other than I m impressed! Thank you everyone for placing your reviews here that helped me to decide on this item for 
He loves the headphones. I am 72 years old and purchased the headphones for my son for his birthday. He likes to take a warm long bath at night before 
Best microphone you can get under 200.00. I have been recording and engineering for more than 30 years. I own quite a number of excellent microphones ranging from AKG, Rode, 
Airclick remote control for iPod Mini. Works perfectly. Good for putting the iPod in your pocket while walking around shopping, or controlling the iPod while driving.The only downside is it 
Not a bad piece of hardware. I was given a Zune as a gift, recently. This isn t the first MP3 player I ve owned but it s the one 
Good camera for the price. I purchased this camera to talk back and forth with my sister and mom, who live 1200 miles away. My mother already had a webcam 
What a bargain. I found, much to my surprise, this item during a regular ol shopping spree on Amazon and couldn t believe the price. Even with shipping these items 
Easy to Use & Perfect for Macs. This was exactly what I needed & it is very easy to use. It does a great job of encrypting your data, if 
Quality. Does the job nicely. I am not an audiophile so I dont get into the nit picking when it comes to speaker wire. Just tell me what gauge to 
Works Well. Hi,I put this on a hawking pci card. Thought I would review as this configuration hasn t really been reviewed. Unlike the other poster in this thread, the 
Great find. Wasnt sure about this when I bought it for my Zune, but I love it  
My favorite printer uses these. I have had many printers. Big Cannon printers, epson &amp; Lexmark. The Cannon portable bjc-80 uses these tiny ink cartridges. They do not last long, 
Perfect. This is a wonderful item. I upgraded my tablet and it is amazing! I had fast shipment, product was in great shape, and I love it.Thanks!  
It ROCKS. I am always skeptical about ordering electronics online. I am very picky about my music listening, so I like to test out all speakers before I buy them. 
Simple ipod car solution. If you re looking for something to use your iPod in your car and don t want to deal with the issues of transmitters, this makes 
Great Notebook Case. The only reason I didn t give this item 5 stars is because I have only taken it on the road once, so as of yet I 
Great Brand, Price and Product. Kingston is one of the most trusted brands for RAM memory. I had shopped around town and elsewhere online to find it at Amazon for 
Best 1080p TV I have seen yet!. I just purchased this tv and have only had it for a few days. I did not buy it from amazon but from 
The best little printer that does!. What a great printer! It is easy to set-up, and get it working for your needs right away. An added plus was that ink 
Screwed over by Amazon. The item was perfect, just not what I ordered or wanted. Amazon says I ordered the wrong item and I had to pay return shipping and 
Works great in my Garmin GPS. I bought this card to replace the 128MB card that came with my Garmin i3 GPS. Works great! I was able to use the 
small and cheap. very small, easy to use since it has direct connection from usb, and cheap.  
watch lots of movies. I BOUGHT THIS LIKE A IPOD BUT ITS BETTER I HAVE ABOUT 20 MOVIES ON IT AND ABOUT 500 SONGS AND SOME PHOTO S AND STILL 
Excellent quality - and no battery required. I ve been using this mic for a couple of years to record round-table conferences, hearing room situations and phone depositions - sometimes 
Product desciption could be more specific. I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you must plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m 
Excellent add on for charger unit. I bought these batteries along with the Sony BCG-34HE4 Super-Quick Worldwide Battery Charger with 4 AA NiMH Batteries. Exellent charger, excellent batteries. A real 
HP Scanjet 4370 Photo Scanner. For my purposes, general scanning and copying photos, this seems to be just fine. So far, have had no problems  
Does not break easy. I read a few that this does does break very easy when it hits the floor. Well let me tell you. I have owned this for 
Fantastic. I m loving this e dictionary - very user friendly, very fast, so helpful for a budding writer like myself who needs to check up words every minute. I 
Great price for a great product. Works very well. No noticable effect on the HD signal. Works with my Logitech universal remote logitech already has the device in it s 
The Best Lens Cleaning Fluid I ve Found. I m careful with my lenses, but still, they need cleaning periodicaly.I ve been using ROR for about six years on all 
Great for a busy professional. This is a great product for a busy professional or grad student who gives their Mac a lot of mileage. I m in law school, 
Easy to use, lightweight. This is my first portable mp3 player and it took me about an hour to go from taking it out the box to having music on 
You can t beat the price and the sound. I search for a while for a decent pair of moderately priced headphones. I came to these and I am glad 
triple flange sleeves. great revision of the originalbut....they do not isolate as well as the originalbut they are alot more comfysound sounds like its comming from the center of your 
excellent choice. what ever you do don t waste your money at any electronic store for an hdmi cable. when i bought my plasma, i also purchased a 12 foot 
Great purchase. I bought this hard drive after researching a few different ones. This is by far the best price and best hard drive around. I have had Zero problems 
I love it !!!!. I absolutly love the hello kitty telephone and computer mouse, you guys were very quick to send them and there soooo cute. Im 48 years old, 
Works as advertised. I use it for splitting the signal from my Tivo. One leads feeds my sound system and the other goes to the computer, where I can record 
Very happy. I just got a new ipod and one of these cases to protect it. I love it, it looks great, I can stare at my beautiful new ipod 
Great for a small office. I recently purchased this item for my wife who has a small office. the reception on this unit is great. Bieng in a steel building 
Works fine in Israel. I live in Israel. I ordered the unit from Amazon with some fear that it may not work properly here. However the unit is great and 
I love it!. I absolutely LOVE this item. I was skeptical at first because I already threw out 3 and this was my last cd player for my car and 
Solid Mouse. I ve had thise mouse for over a year and it still works perfectly. I ve used it without problems on both my PC and my Mac. The 
JVC HAFX55ZB High Quality Inner Ear Headphone Black . GREAT product! I ordered them because the headphones that came with my iPod really hurt my ears, and made them ache. 
Cobra 18 WX ST II CB 40 Channels. I knew what I wanted. A friend had already purchased one. Works great, good price & quick delivery  
Great!. Although it was sent in an box much larger then the bag, i have been very satisfied with the bag. I carry my laptop and books to school and 
Excellent value, but Do consider toner cost & read manual!. I have had my HP color Laserjet 2600n for about one year. I also have a regular HP monochrome laserjet 
Artist s prints. Perfect color, registration and reproduction of artist s colored pen and ink drawings. Really critical eye to accept these copies. Like the feature to be able to 
Works great. SkipDR works great on CDs and DVDs that are not too far gone. Of 6 discs there was one disk that looked like a spider web and it 
Maxell DSR-1 Pro Disc Fixer. Greatest disc cleaner available. It takes out the most scracthed up discs with 3 easy steps. Can be used many times before having to change 
Saves Space, Does NOT Crack CD s. I ve used these cases for years. They save a lot of space if you have a large cd collection. The only way 
No Clutter. Great, now I don t need a 25 foot COX cable to hook up my internet. Best of all eveything is now in a network, desktop, printer,laptop. Easy 
Gotta have memory. I bought this SD card to have extra memory for my 2 digital cameras. Kodak is a trusted name and the price was great on amazon.com. Great 
My Zune is much better than my two malfunctioning iPods. I have two iPods that don t work. I bought a shuffle first and that has an error that I 
The kids have lost the cordless phone again. I have tried several slimline corded phones but so far this seems to be the best yet. It has good sound, easy 
Great look and value. I use this for my photos connecting to HP Media Center PC.Pro:Quiet, fast, nice looking, for a very reasonable price.Neutral:- Got warm when I moved 210GB 
Wacom Size Comparisons. If your any kind of artist getting a wacom is a must. This wacom and the one above 6X9 it are the best sizes. The 9X12 is 
Worked like a champ. I hooked this up to my old LaserJet 6L and now finally have all my computers off PCs and hanging on the network. Worked first try 
great product. Don t be fooled by deceptive Monster marketing tactics. You don t need expensive A V cables to achieve premium sound. Check any A V forum and you 
Very good case doe my portable DVD player. I bought this in October and have used it for about a month. I love it. It s nice looking and large 
Excellent product. Just install driver and plug it in no issues ,same functionallity as the usual high end and more expensive brands. Good craftmanship, does not look cheap  
Believe it or not, IT DOES WORK. After hours installing, configuring, reinstaling,reconfiguring, updating bios on printer, finally i managed to make it work, also i could setup the wifi card 
Don t let the action shots fool you!. I bought it after seeing all the amazing action shots on ThinkGeek.com, though it was somewhat of a disappointment when I couldn 
PMC 120. My computer has a the Windows Media Center Operating system, and syncing my device to my computer couldn t be easier. I had my PMC for a day, 
Great Service, Good Product. I did buy this twice because the first product I received did not have the risers. Once I called the company, though, the service was very 
Handy for some folks but not for me. My opinion will probably differ from other reviewers.This strap works well IF you have the extended battery pack installed on the camera.As 
Nice Little Printer. No doubt the price of the printer, the price per print you need to shop around for the ink though , and the quality of the print 
A very nice charger. Overall a very nice charger, though recharge times aren t even close to what is advertised. The display is very nice as is the ability to 
Great help from the reviews. I bought this card because of the reviews in amazon, I m not disappointed  
Good Product.. Lighter adapter works as promised and has a power on light. Amazon had a good deal on them as well.  
fast delivery, good product. shipping was outrageous, thought it qualified for free shipping since it is the size of a F n postage stamp, but i ended up paying 1 
I LOVE IT. My Panasonic RV31K is five years old this month and after thousands of hours playing movies it works just as well today as when I first took 
Super Sticks!. I just received my Soundsticks yesterday and could not be happier with their performance. I am using them to listen to streaming audio on my PC from a 
My experience has been good. I know that there are very mixed reviews for this product. A couple of points -- I ve generally found that when the speakers are 
Lives up to its name. Although this drive was intended for server applications, I have found that it works very well in my desk top with very good seek times. 
Batteries & Charger. Voltage input can be either 110VAC or 220VAC, which is very important in other countries. Nickel Metal Hydride batteries are better than old fashioned rechargables because they 
Can t beat this price anywhere for a 1gb. I bought a 1GB with my new camera because I was giving my other camera and it s 256 memory card 
Excellent resolution, fast, portable. I ve printed out about forty photos and they were consistently excellent. The cards are thick, so I don t know how well they fit into 
what more can you ask for?. I use this little device with my Apple Powerbook to transfer photos taken with Canon digital cameras.Mac OS X recognizes the unit with no 
GREAT PRODUCT AT GREAT PRICE. This is a awesome MP3 player. It does alot...I can even connect it to my car stereo system and listen to all of my music 
I m Free to run wherever I d like. I am very pleased with this product. When I go out on a run, I don t have to worry about 
Great!!. Beautiful product and was delivered in five days!! Have looked in retailers and this mount costs almost twice as much in stores. Was missing two screws but easy to 
Easy setup. Excelent product with a very fast and easy setup. Just plug and use it. For users that have a home or small office network, this is perfect!  
Great Bang for your buck. I had 7 years of documents financial statements at home and wanted to get rid of them.This little fellow did a fine job taking care 
Another Great Erganomic Product - Yay Microsoft!. Microsoft Erganomic products are the only reason I can sit at my desk all day on the computer. I have been using this 
Works Great for Digital Camera. I used these batteries on my vacation. It was great! The rechargeable batteries worked right out of the package. I had more shots than with 
Wowzas!. Yeah, so apparently this was a really good PDA to buy. I BOUGHT THIS THREE YEARS AGO AND IT STILL WORKS! Ive been searching for a new PDA since 
memory card reader. This memory card reader worked like a charm for me. We ve used both SD and Sony memory sticks in it with absolutely no problems  
great!. very good performance, trouble free installation and very quiet.A quality product  
Great little printer. The reason I love this printer is because of its ease of use, and that s due to it s number one feature - TV output. I 
BOOM!!! HEADSHOT!. Alright, I got this mouse to replace the shoddy touchpad on my laptop. This thing is certainly worlds better than any touch pad, lol.What made this mouse appeal 
A wise investment. Ever since I heard Smells Like Teen Spirit by Nirvana in 1994, I have been a loyal music fan and record buyer alike. But, what most don 
Bring web to your couch and kitchen. I ve had my Pepper Pad 3 for three weeks now and am loving it...I use it every morning to read the paper, 
Great Modem!. I purchased a Linksys router to use with my Xbox360. When I plugged it in, all it ever did was consistently dropping my connection everytime I played a 
Wonderful sound and many features. This keyboard is great for beginners and accomplished pianists alike. It has many levels of guidance for beginners to gradually pick up proficiency. Advanced users 
Excellent tv for an excellent price... I bought this tv almost three weeks ago and I have been pleased ever since. The 1080i display is as good as any plasma 
DVD Ram. Great item and the price is very good. It works perfect in my DVD camcorder and plays back on my computer and DVD player  
Great flash drive. Very portable, comes with three different colored caps and a lanyard. Easy to use, just plug into USB port and save your data. Shipped quicker than expected, 
quiet, fast, reliable. I have two of these drives, one for video editing, one for a server. I ve been completely satisfied with them; they were easy to install and 
Sony does it again. I kept trying to rationalize buying a cheaper TV, but every time I compared this Sony Bravia with the picture quality of less expensive brands [Samsung 
After a year, I still love it!. I bought my Palm Zire 31 over a year ago and I just love it.I read a lot of ebooks and had a 
Definitely worth the money. This is one very nice piece of device for your computer, especially if you are only looking for something to record instrumental guitar tracks in your 
Best TV for size and price. This TV works great. I have it installed in my 18 wheel truck, and it is the largest one that would fit. I am 
Fast Large Format Printer, but Flimsy Plastic Construction. We now have three of the K850 printers in use, one with a built in print server, second paper tray, and duplexer. 
Great Bag. This is a great bag. I thought the price was reasonable and you would be suprised how much stuff files, dvd s mp3 s you can fit in 
Panasonic TC-26LX6026 LCD HDTV Review. Overall the TV has performed at the highest standards, the only minor problem that I encountered is a very minor warping or minor distortion at 
Great Memory. A memory Stick is a s memory stick but when you put it in a Sony Camera - Fantastic  
Delightful Product. Unfortunately, with my busy work schedule I haven t had a chance to explore all of the myriad capabilities of this product. The one complaint I ve read 
It s a sync cable. It s exactly like the sync cable that came with the Zune, and it comes in handy if you connect to an XBOX 360, AC 
Great product for use with AUX-in or Cassette adapter. If you re in need of an FM transmitter, I d recommend the Kensington DIGITAL FM transmitter a great transmitter charger 
Great little CB. Really I would give it a 4.5. The only thing I found wrong with it was the speaker not being loud enough. If you have a 2nd 
Great for price. Its funny how people do a review and then correct themselves through the review.I think its a good unit for the price,if you want a great unit 
600U is superb. I have hardly any criticisms of this set. The picture is brilliant and makes watching Planet Earth on Discovery HD a pleasure. If fact, I would not 
So far, the simplest to use. I bought my unit used on eBay about a year ago, so I don t know how old this really is. It s been 
Just Right for Exercising. My new 2006 Nano 2nd Gen fits perfectly, and allows an easy fit for my headphone plug. The control wheel works flawlessly through the plastic touch 
Not bad, but I think I m less of a fan of USB than I used to be .. We bought this device with the express intent of capturing old 
Fellows CD Sleeve Pack. This product is made of tyvek type material, which is indestructable. It s a great storage media for organizing and storing your CD s, as you 
Kind of slow , but good over all. The CF card works fine but it s response is kind of slow compaired to the 32MB CF card came with my 
Nice audio video receiver. I like having 3 component outputs. I was able to hook up my DVD player and my Nintendo WII. The main reason I got it was 
Digital tablet. I love this tablet. I had trouble with the installation disk, the drivers wouldn t load. I got on the phone and talked with Wacom support who took 
Good product, great price. Product is just as described. It is the same as any other coaxial cable yet costs less  
EXCELLENT MEDIA CARD. I purchased this media card for my Nikon digital camera. The 5.1 mega pixal size doesn t matter. I still manage to get almost 400 digital photographs 
Saved . The Dymo is a big improvement over the dot matrix printer it replaced. The labels look better and are easier to read. We saved 80.00 getting it though 
I ve used Wacom tablets before. and always liked them, and this is no exception - even the bargain Wacom tablets are far superior to Aiptek. The only thing I 
Almost the best notbook bag ever. I ve had this bag for over a year, and it has held up tremedously - with one exception. The clasps on the shoulder 
Problems with S-Vid connection. For the most part, this player is pretty good. I havent had any problems playing back dvds of various formats. However, the S-Vid connection is not 
Fantastic!!!. This is by far the cheapest price keyboard I ve ever owned, and by far the best. All the buttons work too with my Windows XP Pro, ALL OF 
Great headset for the price!. I ordered two of these headsets for use by my wife and myself while playing World of Warcraft on our PCs. We had just recently 
Reliable and accurate. This drive comes with Plextor s Plextools Professional software, which lets you check discs for errors and see how truly reliable the drive is . No more 
Great Monitor. This is a great monitor. I love it because it can be used in either prtrait mode or landscape mode.The screen is bright and the pixels are crisp 
Ain t Nothin Wrong With These Things. I use these primarily to record music compilations from my CD collection... I originally intended to use them in the car during long 
Top Quality Recording Device. I am an investigator who needs top quality recordings of interviews. With this device, I successfully made the transition from cassette to digital recording. The device 
A Good Line Doubler for the Price. For the Price, I doubt you could do better. True, there are higer-end devices out there that will improve your picture to the 
Wonderful for the whole family. This is great. It makes it easier for us all to listen to the music in the car  
Good sound and price. I like me the comfort of these headphones is necessary to read the instructions, to be able to solve problems of transmicion.Once done this they do 
Nothing fancy...but works well. Connected upscaling DVD player to 40 Samsung LCD. Works well...picture looks goo  
viking usb 512mb. nice simple design, easy to use, worked great for me so far  
Keyboard stand. Got all the screws and went together well. Supports the Casio keyboard well. No complaints  
Amazing!!!. I was a bit skeptical when I came across this Mic, but for the price, I decided Heck, why not? . I got it in the mail the other 
Flawless budget mini-stereo. I bought this model in order to be rid of my almost-new Sony MHCEC70 with its faulty ergonomics and detestable tuner. Having once owned an earlier PM-series 
Nice universal mount. The product was as described. I ordered two where buyers typically only order one. He only shipped one, but when I brought it to his attention he 
Storage for a huge DVD collection. I really like this product. There is only one problem with it they do not ship anything this heavy to APO addresses. So if 
Good for driving and hunting. This GPS works very well. I bought it mainly for hunting, but wanted the background map so it could be useful while driving. I ve 
Cool!. Great item. Small, portable, light. Extra USB ports a great plus!!. Right up there with the 2.99 USB Snakelights, another big favorite here.  
Excellent for music, entry level for HT. This sub is well built and represents an extremely good value for music listening. Its very tight with no muddiness in my opinion, 
CAN T LEAVE HOME WITHOUT IT !!!!!. I have had this for about 2 years and I travel about 100 days a year by car. I have it hooked up 
Inexpensive FAB effects pedals are a great value!!!. I checked out these little 15.00 pedals out at Guitar Center and was surprisingly impressed. They re very quiet and sound great. 
It s a good deal. It s a good deal for me and, now I have no problem with my local area network LAN . It s easy to use 
Good 2-channel receiver. This receiver replaces an ONKYO TX-V940 bought in 1995 or so.The protection relays on the old one had gone bad, and it didn t seem worthwhile to 
Love my xm2go. I have had this xm receiver for over six months now. It has worked very well. I am a truck driver so I use it a lot. 
The processor is as slow as a sprinting snail and the keypads are as stiff as over-starched cargo pants. This product is okay. It is a good product for its 
True Theatre Sound. I checked this speaker out at the Best Buy Display. I have been totally satisfied with the actual performance in my Home Theatre. Also, because most of 
Good product overall but pricey !. If it would only cost the same as a SD micro card of comparably size and capacity, it would be almost perfect, and I 
AA Nimh Rechargeable Batteries Bulk Pack. I purchased this AA Nimh Rechargeable Batteries Bulk Pack - charged them before using them and ever AA battery is still working after 6 
fine for pc a no go for ps3. Well it works on a pc just fine. I plugged this game pad into my ps3 and it was not recognized by 
Easy to set up with Mac. I used this router to connect my iBook, xbox 360 and ps3 to the internet. The setup CD doesn t work with Macs but 
Good Printer. I bought this printer for college just to print off some notes, and papers for class. It works just as good as I could have hoped for for 
DVD s finally. 4 years ago I purchased a digital video cam. Problem, not knowing how to make DVDs or to show on TV. Solution then, just put up cam. 
Good quality & price. This product does exactly what I needed it to do. In my Macbook Pro it efficiently with no sound distortion transfers the laptops optical signal through 
WOW!. I will never use my amp again for practice. This guy is awesome! It comes with countless preset tones already loaded in the software, and if that isn t 
Great product, especially for the price. I researched flat panel wall mounts at the local stores and they were very expensive. I bought this model from Amazon and was very 
Nicely made cable. Very well made cables at a reasonable price - not a rip off like the big electronics stores. Very fast shipping too  
Perfect for vacation!. We ordered this item to go with our new Sony digital camera. We drove all around Colorado and this memory stick was perfect for storing all our 
Free Internet, Cool. I got very good signal from my neighbors internet service, it save me 30.00 a month. This card will pick up signal like 1700 feets away or 
Needed Atrac player. I purchased this player because my other Sony Atrac player s screen went kaput. So I knew what I was getting. They are great for the Atrac 
Great Investment. Righteous and Kick A . The only thing i have seen wrong is the DVD s dont have the most up to date roads. I have had no 
Good product. I give it 4 stars because it clears my screen well. it leavs a little bit of residue but if you clean it till the napkin is dry, 
Great Keyboard. I really like this key board. I find it to be verys responsive and unlike some other reviewers I haven t found that I have to press the 
Unbelievable. This product is wonderful. I have had it for about a month and use it with Adobe Photoshop CS2 and Corel Painter IX and it still amazes me. In 
Better Chips You will not find. I have always been a fan of Viking chips. The Viking 512 has never disappointed me.  
Nice, Effective, A Bit Confusing. I have an old TI-89 and I needed this unit to upgrade my TI s OS. When I installed the software and launched the application 
Good Product, Quick Arrival. Product works just fine and arrived very quickly. Easy to use with my digital camera. I was quite pleased  
Great Product!. I purchased 4 of these adapters 3 extra so I could hook up my macbook s digital output for digital surround sound through my Logitech speakers. The product 
Pioneer Rocks My House. Very Nice unit, quality is evident in the weight. Easy setup with auto calibration. Sound is very good. No problems at all. Great product.  
Sony DVD recorder. This a nice product and easy to hook up. I have had the unit for two weeks. I, however, have not been able to record to DVD 
Great Gadget. Makes almost any Voip Service work over whatever phone system you use. Currently they don t have software to work with AOL s Phone services, : but It 
Amazing speed!. Got this for my 10 megapixel Canon G7. The difference from a regular SD card was much more than I d hoped. 20 MB sec. min. read-write speed 
HP MV2010 Media Vault 300 GB . Easy to set up. Easy to use. Great for backing up computer files or as a network storage device. I already use it 
Good sound and comfort. I bought this headset after returning another model to the store due to finding it too uncomfortable to wear for any length of time. This particular 
Compact Flash Card. I ordered this for my daughter for her digital camera camcorder and it was a great price for the size of memory card. I have always been 
EASY AND QUICK. I ve been using this sofware for all my label burning for about a year. It was free and easy to install and use. Perfect for large 
Works great, with some machines... I have both the 4 port and 2 port versions of these and they seem to work well with my Dell Optiplex 260 running Windows 
Mini Blaster Speakers. Great product, good price and awesome sound from a little box that can fit into your pocket. My daughter loves it  
Very Durable!!. The reason I picked this one out of all the other cases was because where the laptop sat was in a zipped up compartment. I also really like 
Charger & Batteries are great. We used this charger with a DC inverter on a 6000 mile road trip to charge batteries for a Sony DSC-H5 camera and the batteries 
Sony Bravia HDTV. This should be one of the top choices for a new HDTV. It has the LCD screen which uses less energy. The picture quality broadcast in HD 
Sirius Suction. When I purchased my satellite radio the mount that came with the system didn t work with my car. I drive and infinity G35 and for all those 
For What We Use These Batteries For; They Are AA OK!. AA Batteries sure come in handy around here. We have seven battery operated clocks and all seven use AA 
Works as advertised. I tried many other adapters and this was the only one that worked for my PDA  
DAYTON BACT-GRB BANANA PLUG PAIR COMPRESSION TYPE. Originally I went cheap using crimp-on connectors and was unhappy disgusted with them. The aggravation was not worth it, and fortunately these plugs 
Viking is Superb !!!!. I own 3 compact flash cards by viking and bought them in this order, 128Mb, 256Mb, and recently 2Gb. I have never had any problems with 
Pretty satisfied. Unlike the other review I read here, I m relatively satisfied with this case.I bought it after my iPod Mini fell several time and got nasty scratches on 
In a pinch for space?. I have an 06 Scion xA, and wanted to mount my Skyfi2...no place to put it on the dash, so I found this...and it works 
Primo. These are really comfortable, even for marathon lengths. I ve used them for 4 hours at a time with my iPod  
Good value for money. All,I Have used this card to connect to various routers and it works well. The Extreme G mode is problematic to enable sometimes. New drivers are 
Nifty little unit. I m an active gamer and sometimes don t want to bother the wife. This switch is the perfect way to switch between your desk top speakers 
This is a very good basic mouse. This rating is for the mouse itself. Having owned this mouse, I decided to get one for my eldely Aunt. Since stores no 
Love it!!. I recently purchased a Macbook 13 and was looking for some good protection. I use my laptop at home, with my 3 small and klutzy kids running about, 
DO NOT BUY ONE....YOU LL WATCH TOO MUCH TV. While shopping for this item I fully intended on going with a Samsung top of the line 40 LCD 1080. I 
Monster Cable S-Video MVS3-1M. Noel Lee s Monster Cable products Inc., come up with the goods here! A cable of stunning, high resolution that snaps the picture into such clarity 
Just Right. I bought this memory card for use in my LG Chocolate phone. Loaded up fine and appears to perform as advertised. Very quick delivery from the seller  
Cheap and Quiet. Don t pay too much for a fan. This one is cheap and quiet enough for the job  
Fellowes Powershred Lubricant Cutter Oil. What I ordered - on time delivery - good price  
LOVE IT!!!. I purchased this item mostly so that I could easily transfer old home movie VHS tapes on to DVDs. Many of the reviews I d read about this 
Excellent TV!. I researched TVs for a long time before I ended up buying this set. It helped that Costco offered a coupon for 300 off the price 1000 final 
Simply the Best Residential Phone System I ve Used. I gave a detailed review of the base system, but the handset merits comments separately. I have purchased handsets for every 
good deal overall. overall i m very happy. i wish there was a resume feature for cds with mp3s on them. other then that - it s good  
Wall Mounting Your New Flat Screen LCD. The EasyMount-02 Pan Tilt Extend LCD Mount installed and functions perfectly. It was easy and quick to install following the instructions. Please be 
It s All In A Name. When they called the company Ultimate Ears, they got it 100 percent correct. I have had so many headphones and earphones that were bad, 
Neat little device ... I couldn t past this up for the price I got it for. I got it for 49.00 at Walmart in-store-clearance . It work well in 
Awesome - surge protector. You cant beat the price! it does what its made to do. I love Belkin products. I took free super saver shipping and it arrived much 
Grab it and go!!!. It does everything and best of all comes with everything...all the electronic adapters included, headset, remote, case. There are no game cartridges to buy or carry. 
Works with Linux and VMWare and..... Wow am I impressed. I bought this tonight because I needed a monitor that would be able to ably display a large IDE window 
Hmmm. Not much to review since those dastardly people at epson put microchips in these things to stop you using anything else... so objective comparison is not possible.Trying to get 
Great buy. I bought this DVD burner because my friends all told me that it was a great burner, and I compared it to other specs of DVD burners without 
Great player. A great player, slim outline and if you have a HDTV to plug it into ; then there is nothing like it out there. I have it hooked 
Fantastic Media Player. This Device Had a lot of feature That I didnot know about it before, After that I loved it.For the Video, you can just drag and drop 
Great MP3 player. iPods are good players but they don t do everything. I did alot of research before I bought into the Apple marketing machine. I love this player 
A Great MP3 Player. I am very happy with the decision I made in purchasing this product. I was a little worried about it because it was a pretty cheap 
Crisp, deep, accurate and powerful; E500 is the real deal. I ve owned the E3C s for about the last two years and let me say that they were the 
great product. I am not sure about the critics since my experience has been awesome-- both in the backcountry and during my commute, solio has saved my bacon several times. 
Love this!. Great, sturdy item with a much better price than I was able to find while shopping around  
There is always one bad apple..... My laptop is sitting on the tabletop 2. I ve had it several months and no problem. It came wrapped each piece no scratches, 
Great Item for a Great Price. I recently purchased an iPod and I thought that it would be great to be able to take it in the car and not 
Audiophile s review these are superb for the price. I own a high end speaker system and i can tell when i hear decent sound. I like to hear the 
phone review. This phone works great. It is the best cordless out there even when compared against the 2.4gig and 5.8gig. Dont spend more money these are GREAT!!  
Excellent gaming headphones. These headphones are top quality gaming headphones. The surround sound feature has improved my online first person shooter skill drastically, given that its now easy to HEAR 
Nearly perfect multifunction. The only thing this behemoth is missing is a fax. It is so luxurious to have a home printer that prints on both sides without any outside 
Works very well. Well made quality equipment. You don t have much work time with it, but it keeps your computer from going down on power blinks. You have time 
It does what it needs to do. I have to admit that I initially balked at the idea of paying that much for a cable... I mean, how can some 
Overall - great buy!. The only reason I rated this a 4 instead of a 5 is that the velcro has scraped up my arm when I have worn this 
Great For Cell Phones. I purchased the Mini SD 512 MB flash memory card for my LG 8100 to enhance the memory in the phone. It was easy to install 
What a Television!!. I purchased two of these wonderful LCD TVs for a museum exhibition and they are wonderful! The picture quality is great and the curator of the exhibit 
This is a bang-for-your-buck receiver. I bought this in November 05 so I ve had a bit of time to get familiar with the product. Overall this is a great 
Excellent look, functionality and protection. Wow, this case is outstanding for the video ipod. My wife and I have gone through 2-3 different cases we each own the 80GB edition 
A great buy. My 11 year old son recently saved all his money to buy this cd system, and we all love it. It had easy to follow connection directions, 
gets you there. i have used the garmin and it is great. just put in where you are going and it talks to you all the way to my destination 
Kingston 1GB SD Card Review. Great value for your money. Kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product.  
Best pictures possible. Bought this ink for my Photosmart, I m getting the best pictures ever with bright and sharp colors. Same or even better than what you get from 
Great Printer. This printer produces very nice pictures.I am very happy with the 13x19 size,so far there is nothing that I don t like about this printer  
Nice design. I really like this one. I am however having trouble with the speakers. Sort of a static like sound coming out of them at times. Any one else 
Just what I wanted. I bought these as a gift for my husband to watch TV late at night without disturbing me. He loves them. The sound is fine and 
VERY MODERN AND SIMPLE. I bought 2 of these from amazon it is a nice piece of furnature it is very easy to put together and it is very strong 
Vista Compatible Excellet 54 Mbps USB Adapter. Found this Netgear USB adapter and ordered it. Wow, it is so easy to install and the wireless signal is so stronge. It 
Cheap cd-r s for backup. We buy these because the price is low and you get 50 cd s in a pack. This is handy for backing up the PC 
This really works. I got this for a friend to use on his dial up modem, and it works flawlessley.Great buy  
Software is again upgraded - performance is stunning. Our Quest-II arrived a few days ago late December 2006 , and there was already an upgrade to the operating software on 
Great Picture, Great Price!. I should first note that I am no expert on television sets, and was more than a little confused by all the different technologies out on 
pleasing. This item has a comfortable wrist rest, the surface is easy to clean, and the egonomic designs are great!Unlike the 3-buck mouse pads I purchased earlier, this mouse pad 
Belkin is one of the best. This notebook card is great, it upgraded my internal card from 54mbps to 300mbps. That is amazing. The router is the best out there 
Great sound!. These headphones were my first foray into the world of Hi-Fi sound and I have never looked back. These babies blow the standard iPod headphones out of the 
Very Happy. Didn t realize exactly how small this chip would be. Has worked well with no problems so far. Have had it about 2 months. Would recommend to others 
HP 6310 All in one Printer, Scanner, Copier, FAX. I am very pleased with this product. It really serves my purpose extremely well, and it is very affordable. I can 
Love it. I bought this for my kids to use with Nascar Racing. Controls are easily reprogramable. Nice product for the money  
THE BOMB!!!. THESE RADIOS ARE THE BOMB!!!!! THEY HAVE EXCELLENT RANGE. THE ADDED FEATURE OF A WEATHER RADIO IS ALSO TO DIE FOR!!!!! I D DEFINITELY BUY THESE RADIOS AGAIN!! 
I love this!. I bought this to go with my Sony DCR-SR40 camcorder. It was so easy to burn the dvd s! I just hooked the usb cord up between 
Works just fine. I was a little hesitant to order this due to the other review stating it didn t do what it was supposed to. I decided to order 
Functional for home labeling. This label maker works really well. Here are the pros:1 Can change style of text bold, shadow etc 2 M tapes are very cheap compared to 
Product desciption could be more specific. I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you must plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m 
minidisc fanatic. excellent product. best sound and ease of use in audio. buy as many as you can  
perfect compromise for surround sound. Yes, these are not audiophile grade speakers. However, I can drink 2 Chuck and Insignia Phelps and appreciate them for what they are. These speakers 
reliable. What can I say? Kingston rocks, it showed up very quickly, was not DOA and really kicked up the speed of my system. I am never disappointed by any 
Amazing!. I was truly amazed at the details this dictionary had. It exceeded the old one I had been using and is better than the ones found on-line  
Harmon Kardon CD changer. Shipped promptly, in the condition promised. The product was the level I was looking for. The remote has some excellent features as well  
Archos 504 media player. Unbelievably happy with this product. Far far superior to vidio ipods. Larger, better screen for viewing. Biggest advantage is that it will play most media file 
Excellent for Price. As the previous review had stated this is a hardware based tv tuner and it relies heavily on the card itself and not the cpu, which means 
great sound quality!. i bought that earphones one or two week ago. i use that earphones and their sound quality is very good. also griffin will give you a case 
Very good product. Great product. I was driving around with it the first day I had it and thought I knew the roads better than the GPS. I was foolish 
Works Great. This simple matt black case is tough and the TX fits in it snugly. Its well designed to access ports without removing it from the case. I had 
Good price quality ratio. As a newcomer to m-audio products, I surfed the net for good cheap options so that I wouldn t spend a lot of cash in a 
Surprisingly good. I have never used any other hands free headset, but I have been very happy with this one. The ability, with the HL10, to answer remotely is just 
Works fantstic. After i purchased this card, i have travelled a lot and have taken several pictures... it just works perfect with my Canon digital camera.  
Magellan Roadmate 6000T GPS. I have used my Magellan GPS for about 3 weeks now and it has been right on every single time! Does it occasionally send me a 
Worth the buy !!!. I purchased this card to use with my recently acquired 5 MP Panasonic camera. I ve had it now for several weeks and used it a 
Good, just touch pricey. I picked up an iSkin for my MacBook Pro and I think it is great. It fits well and has a good feel about it. The 
Awesome sound quality!. I purchased this receiver after about 2 months of research. I kept coming back to Harman Kardon as it seemed to be the best receiver i could 
Good little speakers!. I am very happy with this product. It folds super slim, so traveling with it is a breeze! Pretty good sound - not Bose quality, but for 
Another Great Apple Invention!!. Small, cute design, pretty bright pink mettallic color and suits your music needs. Easy to use and did I mention cute? Get one!  
wacom tablet. I am very pleased with my intuos 3 tablet.The only problem I have is the touchnstrip,I cannot program some of the touch pads as I would like other 
Don t let the price fool you !. This camera bag is better than my 140 Tamrac bag. It holds my D60 camera with a 70 lens attached, my 100-400 
Great Unit for the Price. I recently upgraded to the Onkyo TX-SR674 replacing a 8 year old entry level Harmon Kardon Unit. I felt that the overall features for the 
PS2 KVM 3-in-1. Product was exactly as described, simply plugged it in and it worked. Really cuts down on the clutter of 3 completely individual extension cables  
Quality Cables that are woth every penny. I bought a few sets of these cables for my home theater. I loved the picture they brought to my 50 plasma tv....however, 
Nice little stand. I received this when I purchased the YPT-300. It was a little confusing as to how to assemble it, but once together, it s a pretty sturdy 
SanDisk 512 MB Secure Digital Card. Good price. What else can one say about a Secure Digital Card  
Excellent. Excellent paper for anything you want to print, the colors are amazing and the paper takes well loads of ink  
You better have the power for this unit to work right. I tryed to use this on an older p4 1500 megahz and had a few glitiches during the recording 
A smart fit for my music. I first took the time to research many different items with the same purpose as the Xtrememac Armband. I wanted something stable and comfortable 
Great Headphones. I bought these after buying and returning the high end v-moda earbuds. I actually prefer the sound of these to the ones that I returned. Sound is crisp 
Excellent card!. I don t know where the guy below got that this card doesn t work with Windows Media Center Edition because I just installed the latest XP drivers 
Cute Kitty. My girl is a Kitty lover, and also into computers.. this is a great way to be into bot  
Great Product!. The Pantone Huey Monitor Color Calibrator is as idiot-proof as they come! Once the software is installed on your computer, it is literally as easy as plugging in 
Great replacement styli. I lost my original stylus left it at a restaurant . This replacement pack of styli are just like my original. I have none of the problems 
Fairly Satisfied. I ve been looking around for iPod docks everywhere lately, but didn t want to spent 100 dollars. This one works really well, is a lot cheaper than 
Excellent Choice. I purchased this item recently and it s excellent in all aspects. It took me less than a hour to set it up and the super cool auto 
Beware of the movies. This is a wonderful product, beware of the movies feature. It was somewhat involved to get them on there. It also doesn t charge when connected 
Epson Color Multi Ink Pack. Easy transaction, speedy delivery -- just what I needed and all done from home. Happy Customer  
Easy setup, Easy To Use and good performance. My wife insisted upon having a flat panel or as she calls it flat screen tv to replace the 14 CRT tv 
These work for me. I have very small ears and was having trouble justifying the cost of my new E3c s until I got these. Now, I understand they may 
Sylvania 6620LG Pretty Nice. While I did not get this from Amazon please read on. We picked up this model for our bedroom after doing a lot of searching online. 
great item! no problems at all. I can t say enough good things about this product. It s the perfect portable for the pod. Sound quality is great.Only two semi-drawbacks:1 
Cool Little Storage Case. This case is strongly constructed, has a secure hold on the cards, not exactly light if your used to the little cf plastic cases or some 
Look at each negative reply--Marketing blah blah. Don t be fooled by the naysayers on the Bose speaker systems, especially the Acoustimass satellite systems. These speakers will blow you away 
Very happy with product. I was actually very happy with the product sound was great. The remote took a little gettting use to, but that wasn t any real issue. 
Great projector. I just got this from amazon, and it has an AMAZING short throw. I have it on a 106 screen from about 12 and it looks great. It 
On the Contract. If you buy this service plan, print out the contract found at the top of this page and keep your receipt. I did not purchase the plan, 
Archos Docking Adapter should have been part of product package. Appreciate the functionality of the docking kit & adapter, only wish Archos included the TV connection along with it instead 
Good travel mouse. For a mini-mouse, I like the feel of this one. It s easy to use. I prefer a wired mouse over wireless so I don t have 
Very cool,and small. I love this thing,it s so cool,and small.I ve got it to hold 126 songs, i m sure it can hold more, but I don t listen 
Just got it brand new!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I just bought this graphing calculator. It looks and feels very stylish and comfortable. I believe this is a better choice than the ti-84 plus 
Great bag, a little heavy. Great travel bag with lots and lots of room. A little heavy but not overly so. Excellent balance and easy to lug  
Great Karaoke System. This cartridge adds 200 songs to the basic system. I has a good variety of music that I like. I highly recommend it  
Compact Flash Card. I ordered this for my daughter for her digital camera camcorder and it was a great price for the size of memory card. I have always been 
Get the Professional look for pennies on the dollar!. This is the only way to go if you want professional looking CD labels. Whether you re using them just for 
Easy Set Up. Bought this for my darling wife to store all the images from her new digital camera.. Was easy to install and use  
Monster Cable MP HTFS High Def PowerCenter. Excellent product, cleaned up small voltage fluctuations, & easy to use. Great online price. My Panasonic 42 inch plasma is clear as a 
No complains. I received this product and I am very happy with it.You have to adjust very good the strap to your arm in order to reduce movement of your 
Best sounding clock radio on the market. Before I purchased this radio I was searching for the Proton RS-330 and didn t know the brand name had changed. I ended 
Great in the Middle of the Night. I am very pleased with the game card. The choices of games are basic, but I m not a huge video game lover 
Much better than I expected. I was a professional singer and I had some 45 s and reel to reel and cassette tapes of my recordings and live shows. I 
Works for me. I d had quite a few previously viwed DVDs that had scratches. As a result, my DVD player would freeze. This product fixed a couple of DVDs 
I love this durable tote!!. Used the Targus ladies essential notebook tote to hold my laptop while travelling around the world, it s excellent and durable, highly recommeneded and for 
HP L1706 17 monitor. Very nice colors on screen. However, no height adjustment. Advises when monitor is going to sleep. Built-in power converter  
Good design doesn t hit you over the head. How to tell the difference between a good mouse and a bad one: If you are constantly being reminded of the 
This is a very good device from PhotoShop amateur point of view. Research for a Monitor Color Calibrator brought my attention to the Pantone s Huey. Researching the posted reviews 
Nothing fancy, mild irritations, but it does what I want it to. I bought this machine to do three things: view DVDs, view VHS tapes, record programs on VHS tapes. 
A quality product!!. After reading several reviews on portable speakers, I decided to purchase the Sonic Impact i-F2 for my iPod. It has great sound quality, the case is durable, 
It works, most of the time. A great idea. Run where you want and know how far you ve gone. The breadcrumb trail is pretty useless and it doesn t 
Good machine, great price. In my opinion I got a really good machine at a really great price  
Printer. This is the printer I ve wanted but thought HP was charging too much and the price kept changing. Amazon was terrific and I received the printer I wanted 
Dog loved it.... These are great in ear buds that have some noise canceling properties. They are great to use out doors when doing chores around the house. In fact 
Mr. Johns. Great looking television with good quality sound. Black color content is a little high, but this is a component of any LCD television.Recommendation: Pay extra for shipping! This 
Linksys SM01 Wall Mount and Stacking Bracket. The product works fine. It seems kind of strange that I had to purchase a package of 10 in order to get just 
Question About the Maxell P-3. Please ignore the rating, I couldn t ask my question without including it. Just a question regarding the function of this dock. Can you interface 
very easy to set up and flexible storage. I bought one of these a year ago, and have really liked the fact that the spaces will hold up to 5 
over the air hd is spectacular. First of all, it should be common sense to go visit a local store that has the tv you want or at least the 
Amazing... Air flow is bad. Amazing... Air flow is bad, excelent choise for gamers, airflow is the best quality, noise almost quiet...  
heavy duty - little used but so far great. this is what you need for heavy flat screens. it pulls so far out you can turn a 40 Samsung 90 
Good cable, too bad I had to buy it though. First off, I want everyone to know that I am idiot. When I was bringing my monitor home for Xmas 
Surprisingly impressed. I held off purchasing one of these remotes until the price got to a point where, if it didn t work, I wouldn t feel too bad having 
Ipod Car Charger. I received in great time and it was as if brought out of the store.Thanks  
Great for a while till they break... Amazing sound. I was able to hear things in songs I d been unable to hear before, until they broke. After about a 
My 1st IPOD. This is the 1st IPOD I ve ever had, and i ve been using it constantly since purchase 3 months ago for gym, work, commuting, planes . 
Good memory card. I bought it after I found it cheaper than SanDisk and I thought Kingston is also a good brand. I wasn t mistaken it works perfectly. I 
Decent phone for average users. I wanted a 900 mhz phone instead of the very small 5.8 ghz phones. I have wireless network and it works just fine. If your 
Well made, but didn t work with my Nano, did work with Axim. This seems well made and compact but it didn t work with my Nano. I tried it 
This thing is just what I needed. This thing is perfect. It s built so that it will adjust to any type of iPod that you have. There are options 
Great item for the price. I wanted the reliability and quality of a Sony, and a CD player AND radio in one unit was very important to me, but I 
Vista 64-Bit Setup A Bit Tricky. The compactness and lack of wires running everywhere definitely is nice. The signal strength throughout my apartment is 60 and constant. I am using 
AWESOME. It s cheap, it s portable, and the output is great. You can take it with you when you travel, when you get back to the hotel, print a 
Attorney. I have been purchasing P-Touch labeling systems for about 20 years, and this is the best one ever. The PT-2700 has the new design. I particularly like the following 
A must for the best home theater sound!. Accept no other! Monster cable has the best cables money can buy! Price might be more than other cables, but worth every 
Good product!. I have used Brother machines for several years in our office. They have performed as well as or better than HP. This machine is no exception. I do 
This is a good product. This sandisk realy works to save a lot of information in one stick. It s very handy. Thank you  
Small but good... I purchased this printer on a sale -after reading some reviews of it- and now I am very happy with it. Output is great and the software 
Nice looking, seems durable, some flaws. Nice crystal clear hardcase for iPod Nano, very easy to mount.It doesn t protect the Nano connections from dust or small things and is 
Works great for me. I don t know about the competitors, but the Infoscan accomplishes all my needs. No more highlighters for me! Now I can take notes in a 
Cannot be tuned. I am knowledgeable about guitars so I was reluctant to buy this thing to begin with, knowing that you usually get what you pay for. But I 
I LOVE IT,I LOVE IT,I LOVE IT. Amazing sound with surprising bass.Very light and portable. I invited a group of friends over and they counld belive the sound coming from 
Works with TV but not portable DVD player. I purchased this AV cable from one of the 3rd party sellers. I brought the cable to connect my iPod to my 
Best product. I am very glad i purchased this and that too from Amazon, I just love the service i get from Amazon .  
Sandisk 512 MB Secure Digital Ultra II. I can only say positive things about this memory card. It does a fabulous job for my 7.1 mega-pixel digital camera. Anyone who 
Now I can snorkel with music. I just tried this out for the first time and loved it! I bought it for snorkeling and so far I have no complaints. 
Gary s Review. I think this is a good Radio. I go on alot of Jamberees And it works relly good. I give it an A It is great  
excellent speaker wire. Unless you are a hardcore audiophile, I can t see how you could want any more from your speaker wire. Don t pay too much, just get 
All that I Expected It To Be. After reading many reviews found here at this site, I can say that the player itself is great and is all that I 
 Awesome product! . Bought this item for our 16 year-old daughter. She absolutely loves it and said it has a great sound. Radio stations come in very clear. Having 
Excellent stuff. This really works, i have 3 zp100 s and 1 zp80, using a NAS for storage of my mp3 s. the whole thing hangs together perfectly. if you 
Great small system. I ordered this for my nephew and he loves it. I didn t realize when I ordered the Sansa that it had an odd connector to it, 
Very good portable headphones. These truly do meet my expectations for what a portable headphone should be. They fold neatly, they sound excellent and they fit comfortably. They work great 
ipod 60 video. Another upgrade to the existing product by Apple. Seems to have better battery life than its predecessor. The only drawback to this product is the limitations Apple 
Excellent utility, capacity, storage, recording, playback. I purchased this unit after reading the reviews. I was looking for a recorder to replace my micro-cassette yes, ancient for band practices, and 
Garmin MapSource Trip and Waypoint Manager. I recently purchased a Garmin Quest2 which comes with all the software installed and no supplemental CD with MapSource, etc. I needed to install 
Great cordless number pad!. Both my husband and I use our laptops for work, and we often have to enter numberical data. This product has made life infinitely easier, and 
monster cable ipod charger. i ve used two igo brand ipod chargers and they both broke. this one has an audio out at the dock connector and looks beautiful. it 
Not So Bad.... I got 2 of these stands with a couple of Yamaha CP-33 pianos; basically, as free add-ons. I have a couple of Professional welded dual-X stands already, 
Works Great. I also have the Linksys version. I like the IOgear slightly better. I highly recommend it to anyone who has the need to plug in multiple computers to 
Excellent jewel cases. As your DVD CD collections grow, these are ideal for protecting and storing your treasures . Easy to open and take up little storage space. The center 
Wojnderfully Comfortable Earbuds. Omigod!The reviews from CNET and others are spot on!The buds that came with my Samsa e260 were far too big and hurt to wear.These are perfect!Deep Velvet 
Good for storage but not for organization. The outside.It seems sturdy but I m suspicious that the stitching might be weak. The removable fast file on the outside is a 
An Executive Decision. Lexar Compact Flash Cards have a good reputation amongst many digital photography professionals. The WA write-acceleration feature provides added value to distance this card from the competition. 
Very Good Product for the . The DVD Express 2.0 worked the first time I tried it. It always helps to have a little knowledge of computers as most who 
Freedom. easy to setup, easy to use, allows freedom to use laptop in any room of house while home computer is stationar  
logitech attack 3 joystick. This joystick is solidly built & comforatable during long sessions. It s a pleasure to use. The 12 programmable buttons make it very adaptable good for 
Evaluation of Samsung LNS2651D. This product seems like the best value for cost and performs as advertised. I would recommend to others, including my best friend  
Serious Sirius with Terk Sir-EXT50 Indoor Outdoor Extend kit. Finally, the perfect signal.We previously purchased the Terk SIR6 Outdoor Antennae to improve the signal to our Sirius radio. We live 
Exelente. Sin mas comentarios me parece un producto de lo mejor, lo unico que la supera es la de 4 gb, y a pesar que no es de alta velocidad 
Great case...but not easy to take in and out. This case is great and definately protects my Ipod while still making it easy for me to access all of its 
Garmin C550 GPS Navigator is top drawer. I was a faithful Tom Tom customer until I realized that Iwas replacing my Tom Tom every 4 to 6 months under warranty 
Best Radio. This was in fact the BEST radio ever....sound is excellent, convenience can t compare and a remote!! My husband is very finicky and this was one of the 
Brett. This is one of the best drives I have used and use it as a Tv Tuner for my lcd. Great Product takes a little time to get used 
I love his little guy. This mouse is great for laptop use on the go. It comes with me everyday on the train and on buses on my way to 
Fantastic. For 29 dollars AND free shipping you can t beat this product. It s sturdy and looks great in my apartment. I don t know what all the fuss 
Crosley 302. I recently purchase a Crosley 302 Wall phone in brushed chrome for our kitchen. This is a great phone. I couldn t believe the weight of it and 
Good as a second MythTV tuner. I already had a PVR-350 with remote for an existing MythTV KnoppMyth R5E50 specifically . I bought this PVR-150MCE to be able to record 
Santa Cruz. It s what I was looking for. It does what they said it would do and works well  
Nice mic for the price. I purchased this mic to use with my laptop computer which has a built-in sound card in order to record interviews with my children and 
worked perfectly. The drum unit was as described and works perfectly.The only complaint I have is that it took forever to get here snail mail  
BROTHER DOES IT ALL FOR LITTLE . I HAVE OWNED EVERY TYPE OF ALL-IN-ONES OR MFCS OUT THERE AND BROTHER IS THE BEST. ALL PRINTERS ARE GOING TO HAVE PAPER 
Easy to use! Works Great!. Netgear did it right with this product. Just plug it in and it works. No complicated router instructions to worry about. It has replaced my 
Good Quality Ink!!. I own a Hp Deskjet 920c color printer. I have never had a problem with any purchase of the Hp Ink. I have purchased from retailers ... 
Tape for Brothers label maker. Product came on time, packaged exceptional, price affordable and product is great to use to label CDs, DVDs and other things with our name.Thank you 
Senior Service Center Escondido s Computer Lab. This server works as advertised. The last-page pausing is only on one PC & seems to be that PC s problem, not the 
Ease the tension. The footrest is no frills and easy to use. It has eased the tension on my legs which used to hang while I worked. Not only that, 
Works as promised. What can I say? More memory is better than less. This card s higher capacity is usually irelevant but when you need it, it s there. Lets 
TomTom s a winner!. Received the TOMTOM 300 before date promised in perfect condition even though the box was dented. Good packing! I have used the TOMTOM to go from 
LOUD! but good... I thought that this was maybe broken when i tested it today out of the box. the scan is whiny and high-pitched. I might have to return 
Great product for the price. I bought two of these as Amazon was selling them for 2.65 a piece sometime back I guess they were on sale when I bought 
Great Wireless Mouse. Use this mouse every day for over 2 months. I ve never had to reset it, and I find it to be very accurate. Battery life seems 
Works with Dell Inspiron 600m. I have a Dell Inspiron 600m Laptop and my TV does not have S-Video. After a failed attempt with another S-Video to RCA converter, I 
Sony VHS tapes are the best. This tape, along with other VHS tapes made by Sony, are excellent for recording, especially from digital sources like TiVo. The picture and sound 
Cd Labels. These are fine, we dont even use the stomper with them as it is just as easy to stick by hand, once its not hundreds you are doing. 
Works very well!. This item, despite some of the negative feedback posted here and elsewhere, works well. I have charged it once within one day in the sun. It was 
Memorex Storage Cases. They were just what I needed and I can create my own outer identification line  
Great notebook case. This case is great for value and for space..for the most part. It s actually really hard to find a good value leather case for a 15.4 
Royal 85X Paper Shredder. I ve had the unit about 4 weeks and have no problems at all with the unit. I have been using it to shred much of 
An excellent keyboard. Nice solid construction. Clever way of folding up compactly so that it s about the same size as my Visor Edge. I have found two minor problems 
Good mouse for the price. I have been using this mouse at work since it came out. After many miles of use, the scroll wheel has finally started to fail. 
One year and still very very pleased!!. I constantly listen to my ipod and the MDR-V300s are my favorite headsets. they are very comfortable and the sound is great. i 
logitech g11. This is a great keyboard with only a couple minor flaws. The hotkeys are awesome once ya get used to them however i sometimes nick one and open 
Absolutely indespensable!. I have a previous model of this wonderful radio & just received THIS model for father s day. It is by far the coolest, neatest, most useful item 
It does the job. I have never had this device fall over like others have complained of, either. Granted, I do have mine situated one a hard wood floor but 
Works great, sounds great. I m using this on an Apple PowerBook G4 with a 1.33 GHz processor and 768 MB RAM. I mainly record through GarageBand, and after about 
Excellent Design and Value. An excellent inexpensive no-hassle networking device constructed of metal that fits perfectly into my home networking system. I recommend this to anyone  
Sony Mini Shelf System. We were very pleased with the system. It arrived on time it was a present and we found it easy to use and good value for 
Nice SOHO NAS solution. I bought this enclosure Rev. B1 to house a 320Gb hard drive to make it a networked drive to share between MS Windows, Linux, and FreeBSD 
Happy So Far. After waiting over 10 days for Toshiba to replace the OEM AC adapter, we got impatient and bought the Targus APM10US Universal AC DC Adapter, which has 
Good product with great price. I bought this unit in November of 2006. So far, I am very happy with it. Nice quality out put. I have been using it 
Works great and much cheaper than Monster. I ve got a couple of Monster optical cables because that s what the local stores carry. But when you think about it, 
Great buy. Just picked these up for 69.99 at B.J. s Wholesale Club. Excellent sound, excellent deal. Perfect fit for my new office, and I have my Ipod connected through 
Sturdy with form and function. I ve had my Wave CD storage rack for almost 5 years now and I m more than happy with it. It s been moved 
Excellent headset. This headset is just what I needed. The clarity of the microphone is great for the language software that I use and it is comfortable enough to use 
Nice sleeves. All I can say is that they are good sleeves and they are nice to have to protect CD s DVD s  
great multi-function printer for a great price. This is my first multi-function printer. I have to admit that I wasn t expecting much from the scanner or copier. However, I 
Works as expected. I use it in my cell-phone to transfer pictures to my PC. The micro card came with an adapter so it can be used in a full-sized 
Easy To Assemble And Blends In Nicely. This shelving unit was one of the easiest that I ve ever assembled, and I ve assembled plenty of them since I have 
Excellent MP3 Player!. This player is awesome. I was nervous after reading some of the reviews but this player is great! You will not be disappointed if you purchase. As 
Great image quality ease of use. The card is easy to install and easy to use. The DVD burning software caused the video card to NOT work after it was 
Nice light. Whoever is complaining about this light not being bright enough maybe legally considered blind. I use this light in my vehicle and it gives me plenty of light 
Great Product. Setup my Port Authority2 USB KVM last night on a home network to control 3 PC s. Two WinXP boxes and a Ubuntu Linux machine. All of them 
These Earbuds Are The Best. I took my MP3 player into the store with me to check out earbuds.Eveyone I tried was terrible; so I ended up buying online.I read 
Great Power Conditioner. I recently purchased the Belkin PureAV PF40 to use with my audio system. I had been having problems with my system sounding bad at times and great 
Patience during setup really pays off. This remote does its job well. I had eight remotes to control the gear in my living room, and this thing took the place 
Great!. The case is awesome! It fits the zen vision:m perfectly. I like the built in stand feature, aswell as the easy to use belt clip.You can access all the 
No more changing tapes or cd s. I m a bike rider. Now I can put in my ear buds, put my MP3 player in my pocket and ride for 
Massive storage, great detailing. I have owned this backpack for almost two years and have put thousands of miles on it in NYC my home town and traveling on business 
Great GPS. This is one of the best GPS s I have ever used. I had a problem with the electronic compass at first. Amazon gladly returned and gave me 
Affordable and reliable. I purchased this USB light fan combo mainly for the fan. I m one of those guys who is a human heater -- always a little warmer 
Kudos to Sandisk. This is one fast card reader. I use it for my 2GB Ultra CF cards. Installation was a snap, and I love its portability. It stays in 
Great Product. Purchased the Terk for my new HD Plasma TV. I used their excellent website to install. It was less difficult than expected to install and worked better than 
These are great!. They have a comfortable fit, and great sound. I highly recommend them.  
Very good. This calculator is very useful and offers many function that calculator like this doesn t.  
Useful Portable Satellite Radio. Overall, this is a very useful portable radio. Since this came with all the accessories for home and car also it has been easy to set 
Good but not great for person who is renting apartment. This is a great piece of hardware, the wireless rear speakers was a big selling point for me. But in 
Works like a charm with Vista OS. Just bought a custom-ordered HP machine with Vista. It only came with 4 USB 2.0 ports in the back, and I m loaded 
No problems with the item, BUT... ...I purchased these from J&R Music and received tons of junk snail mail for several months maybe years from the company after my purchase. 
Brilliant and easy to set up. I had this running within a few minutes of opening the box. The hidef picture is every bit as good as cable tv, the 
Kinyo UV-230C 2-way VHS Cassette rewinder cleaner. The unit seems to perform as designed. So far, so good.  
Help Me!. WOuld someone anser this question. How do you record songs from the radio! I have tried and tried but still havnt figuerd out! TO anser my question write 
V-Moda Is a Fine Earphone for A Good Price. Not an audiophile but did enough research to settle on the V-Modas. Was a little hesitant because of all the talk 
Value for price. This 4 phone system works excellent. You can indicate where each handheld is located in your home in banner area. Speakerphone in each hand held works great 
GPSlim is PocketPC Must Have. Let me see.1. Sirf III chipset2. Included 850 mAH Li-Ion battery3. Bluetooth4. Included AC adapter5. Included Car adapter6. The size of a pager.This little unit 
Good solid stick. The only reason for not giving this a 5 star rating is that the throttle is a little awkward to hold, even for someone with relatively large 
Wow. This is prob. the best item I`ve boughten this year..!!!Totaly awsome system TV, Radio, Surround all in one..!Great buy.  
Garmin 2820. I have a Garmin 2610 and really like it but the wife had a hard time using it. Got the 2820 for her as a Christmas present and 
Best MP3 Case Ever!!!. I purchased this case for my Ipod Mini and accessories. I have my Ipod Mini, USB Cable, Home Charger, Car Charger, and FM Transmitter all in 
Placement may take practice. I just purchased this unit and once I finally got it working I could not be more pleased. Just be warned that it was not as 
great radio. I purchased this radio after reading the reviews posted here. It is without a doubt a great little radio. Does not take up much room on the counter, 
Excelent look and performance. The only negative thing is the belt-like that comes in the case, too short and the ring is too big for the case to fit, when 
Good Model with tons of options. This is my second GPS 1st is Streetpilot i5 and I must say it has tons of options. I mostly upgraded to this unit 
Laser mouses are old news. It s been 2 years since Logitech debuted the world s first laser mouse. Laser mouses were once thought to be the dream of all 
CTA Digital 4 AA NiMH 2400mAh Batteries with charger DC-1HK24 . Works OK. The batteries do get hot by the end of the charging period and it takes about 15 
Good product but quality may vary. I love wire shelving for providing convenient storage that easily breaks down for moving. This multimedia shelf works well but two things must be 
Reliable!. Haven t used any of these yet, but I won t trust any other brand of DVD Rs than Verbatim  
MP3 Adaptor Charger. Allows MP3 to play through FM car radio while charging MP3 player. Sound is grea  
More than what I expected. I love this printer. I didn t even know technology came out that prints as clear as it would in the photo labs. Media cost 
Great product. Got as a Christmas present for my wife. She loves the game and can t put it down. Great price as well!!  
Great little set for the money. I needed a t.v to fit into a entertainment center and this one fit the bill perfectly,and after reading the positive reviews I bought 
Perfect Match. The cable was received on time and was ~ 20 less than at Radio Shack, even including the cost of shipping.Good cable, good deal  
TRU8860 - great phones. We have been using the TRU8860 for about a year. We had two to start with and added two more this summer. We have a large 
Just like from a developer!. A friend of mine and I bought a printer each on the same day from the local AAFES PowerZone here in Germany... he bought the 
great ink. I am very pleased with the ink i ordered from you. i think the price is great and the quantity was good  
Great mount but not for Panasonic Plasmas... This is a well constructed, heavy duty wall mount that is easy to install. At 1 it is very low profile...too low however 
Silicon sleeve. This armband was certainly the right price. I use it everytime I work out at the health club. I never have to remove it to charge the nano. 
High quality - low price. You can t go wrong with this radar detector for the price. I used to see patrol vehicles ahead of time, but never knew if 
Very good quality for the price. I purchased this printer with the intent to use it for both photo printing and regular text printing. Photos look great and print relatively 
Not bad, but I think I m less of a fan of USB than I used to be .. We bought this device with the express intent of capturing old 
Nexus Car Kit Review. Kit works fine. However, when I had it installed I learned the kit sends XM radio to the auto s audio system via FM. This leads 
Ideal for the road warrior. In my never-ending search for smaller and lighter travelling accessories, I have tried many power strips. This is absolutely perfect for my purposes!I have not 
Reliable and quick performer. Bought this card as a backup for the 1-GB card I normally use, and it s been fast and dependable so far. My 7 megapixel camera 
Great phone - bad batteries. The phone works great, although the headset volume could be a little hotter. I don t program # s in the phone or base station, 
Great Blu-Ray Screen. Purchased one of these 3 7 7. Here s the deal. The cloudy XBR is half true. When the room is dark and the set is powering 
Great product for the price offered. Compare to 200 mounts in the market...this one is better and cheaper. It was a great buy, the parts and instructions were quite good 
Great product for even an average runner. I wanted to get something that I could track my running. I looked into the nike system but it just seemed too commercial 
Great Value!. This thing is great! I bought it for my girlfriend for Christmas, and she has been using it to play her old shuffle at work. We also took 
a memory card. It came comp. with the purchase of a Kodak dig. camera. What can I say: it can hold a bunch of pictures. I rated it a 4 
Doesn t fit Sony Bravia. I had to do major reconstuctive surgery to make this work with my Sony Bravia because the connections are right in the area where the 
Great Deal. At first, we were a little skeptical about buying a moniter online; but this experience couldn t have gone better. It has a beautiful, bright LCD screen, and 
Awesome 22 LCD. I spent a few weeks doing research on 22 monitors and decided on the 225BW. I mainly looked at the Acer 22 and Samsung 226BW in comparison 
Great Surge Plug. This is the 3rd surge plug that I have purchased. The first one met an untimely death do to a major water spill from a fish aquarium, 
excellent. This is an excellent, reliable product. I bought 2 because of the outstanding sale price  
Well worth the money. Great buy! It is easy to use, fun, and helps motivate.  
Jack of all trades, master of none. I have been using this for over a month now. Got it for &lt; 300, which is less than most standalone auto GPS 
So Far Very Good. I bought this for my new laptop Dell XPS M1710 . I find that it fits everything I need and then some. I have not had 
upbeatconductor. I have read the reviews and do not understand the problem that most are having. Do not think this system was intended to replace a outdoor audio system costing 
Nice. A little small however the padding makes up for it. It is nice to know that it can take a hit and not hurt it  
audio bliss... with real nymphs!. Maybe I m bias because I really like Yamaha, maybe, because I have kinda good ears or, it s the fat check sitting on my 
Jack Of All Trades, Master Of Some... It s amazing how tough it is to find boomboxes that have CD players capable of playing MP3 CD s - apparently, the 
good basic mp3 player. I bought this player to listen to audio books and listen to music while driving to and from work. I really enjoy this player. It doesn 
Coolermaster Widescreen Cooler. Nice product -- very sturdy with aircraft-grade metal. I only have one gripe--it is a bit too small from front to back. Check the dimensions before you 
Good product. Solid product. Works great. The only little thing about it that I didn t like was that when the fan kicks on it s a little loud. But 
Great, needs better sound, better remote. Pros: Very nice TV, great subtle black look, excellent HD picture, lots of inputs, lots of fine tuning options for better sound and great 
Rockin keyboard!!!. I ve previously used the 49 key version of this keyboard as I now own the 61 key. I must say, though these are the only two MIDI 
great sound, comfortable fit. I am not an audiophile - I do not have the precision hearing of a bat so I can echo-locate my breakfast. I know some folks 
Great little printer. I was very pleased with this Canon photo printer. I was a little concerned about using a dye-sublimation printer but it s just fine. This printer does 
Buena opcin para PDA a un excelente precio. Trabaja perfectamente con mi HP IPAQ rx1950 con Windows Mobile 5.0. Con otra SD, la batera se descargaba rpidamente an con el 
Get lost less on the road... For the price, you really can t beat this GPS. However, this product loses signal... A LOT... and at the most inconvenient times.... and 
Pretty Great Little Music maker!. I bought one of these about two or three years ago and love it. It still works great and has a terrific sound for such 
Very sophisticated looking. I love how this bag looks, it s the perfect bag for a professional. I work and go to school, so it s not a everyday bag 
Works well with my Forerunner 301. Works just as advertised for my Forerunner 301, making it convenient to access while riding  
Great Monitor. I had a little trouble getting my system to recognize it when first set up...but after a little tweaking, it works beautifully. Previously owned regular CRT...what an improvement! 
Awesome Product. I have been using this for about an year now, and i must say that i am totally impressed with this product. I have been very happy with 
Everything as expected. It works perfectly without any noticeable addition of noise to the signal  
Flawless. I ve owned this switch for over two years now and it just keeps on ticking. No problems whatsoever. The move to USB and DVI will probably render these 
Belkin KVM F1DD102U Worked Well For Me... I am surprised by the amount of negative feedback for this KVM? I was using it with my new Mac Pro Dell 8400 
Great FM. I needed a radio for the room that I mostly read in. The previous radio I had could not stay locked on the FM stations I listened to. 
let s not loose perspective. We have to be careful here. It is not a good idea to use the standards which are applied to judging regular audio headphones to 
cheap. it cheaper than the Monster Surge Protector i own. and it looks the same. don t know much about the spec. but as a consumer, cheaper is always a 
No nonsense disk drive for old and some new tasks. This is a very useful and reliable product for the money. I now have two of these, one at home 
Laptop Computer Case. Case is functional and eaasy to use. Is well padded for the inevitable occasion when it will be dropped. Attractively priced  
Great sound, but needed some adjustments. For gaming, the Steelsound 5H USB V2 s are the best I have used to date. They are comfortable, cover the entire ear but 
great product. I bought this for my grandson for Christmas. I priced out other guitars, and they could not compare to the quility of this product for the money. I 
form function. I don t have any gripes about this iPod armband. It has worked well for me in a variety of activities running, rowing, weights . The silicon case 
Audiovox D2010 10.2. Ive have the player for 3 month and have had no problems.The good: ease of use -- my 10 year old worked with no problems-- excellent picture 
DV10 Top all in one projector. This Optoma beats out all the other all in one projectors handily in all of the online reviews. After purchasing it I can see 
verrry goood. the microsoft zune....such a contrivertial productwell let me start with thisi like it better than the ipod don t get riled up it s my opinioni think the 
Mine works perfectly. We have the original Itrips but wanted this one for travel since it is much eaiser to tune in. The originals work great around town because it 
Great. Accept that it is not very loud probably only 6 watts clean , and that you have to buy a power supply on the side. Then you ll get 
Great product!. I bought this for my father for Christmas, and he has enjoyed it very much. I did the installation myself GMC Sierra pickup , and it s been 
Samsung 4094 LCD HDTV. Great price on Amazon saved 500. TV is just AWESOME!! Much nicer than a lot of other HD tv s I ve seen. Like the dual 
Good Value But ... This GPS system is fairly cheap and does most of the things you would want a GPS unit to do - get you from point A 
Nice USB drive. Huge capacity for such a small USB it s smaller than I thought, which is great . It comes with a lanyard that can be unattached on 
Easy to install and does the job. We used it with no problems and it is holding our new flat screen on the wall. Easy to install and good, solid, 
Great for its intended use. This is an unmanaged switch, which means that you can not configure Virtual Local Area Networks VLANS or Quality of Service QoS - though QoS 
Does what it s suppose to. Quality of finish excellent. Style fits perfectly with Apple products. Works as expected. Delivery was fantastic. Standard delivery,and it arrived next morning  
Olympus 2GB Xd Card. The service was great. The Xd card was shipped very quickly. The card is working great in my camera  
But really,. ...this should be included in the box when you buy the iPod. Shame on you, Apple  
What can you say?. Use Canon ink with you Canon printer and you ll have no problems, just excellent pictures  
Direct route V3. Program works as it should in generating the detailed maps. I will only be able to test the maps when we go to the US in a 
I m impressed. I bought one of these as an HD replacement for a 21 bedroom TV. I was particularly interested in having a set with built-in DVD to minimize 
Best case ever!. I don t usually write these kinds of reviews but I m really impressed with this Brenthaven Pro 15-17 Backpack! It costs a little more but it 
Works great, big money saver... This is a great product, and I m saving money every month. I wanted to change over to VoIP but didn t want to mess 
Great TV for the Great Price!. Like most people here, I bought this TV because of the great reviews. The price, you can t beat it.This was the first time 
Great little pocket drive. My pocket drive arrived very quickly... exactly as stated. I have used it a few times and it has worked perfectly. Like the small design and 
Ok media. No problem burning with NEC drive so far.Cannot play-back properly on old DVD players.  
Simply Awesome!!. This remote is truly amazing. After years of handling three and four remotes at a time, worrying about batteries, misplacing them I can finally say I ve found 
A solid Product. The main use for my hand held is to communicate with other cars on long road trips. This hand held was very versatile when it came to 
Excellent Card for the price. For the price this card rocks. Don t install the drivers and software off the disc though unless you have to, the drivers and catalyst 
Works perfectly. Very easy to install. Works perfectly over sixty feet of CAT-5 Ethernet to WRT54G router. Would not hesitate to purchase again if needed  
Fast and Accurate. I received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I m very satisfied 
These Are Very Handy - Very Practical!. These are simply envelopes for your cds and dvds. Can t say anything else about them - except this - I noticed when 
Looks great w U2 ipod. I got this case for my U2 ipod and it looks and works great. The only drawback is that the case adds bulk to the 
This is totaly Cool!. I have used this more times than I can remember and I even have a few friends who wants to got one now too  
Nothing to compare it to...but, I am pleased. Instructions were clear and easy to follow. I had it on the wall in 30 minutes with the Plasma attached. One tip: 
Great solution. This cable is perfect for the car or anywhere you don t want a mess of extra cable - just pull out the length you want and when 
HP Laserjet 1018 Monochrome Printer. Was looking for a reasonable monochrome laser printer and found it in theHP Laserjet 1018 Printer. It s fast and very easy to program. You 
Very well-designed!. I really like this bag. It has lots of well-organized space for all my items including a small purse! . The bag looks good even when full - 
Premium Sound. These headphones came free with the Zune purchase and were amazing. Exterior noise is blocked out by the in-ear design and they don t have a problem with 
Has worked well for me for 3 years. This product works as it should. I run a linux server off of my cable modem. Over the last few years I 
Agreed - great machine. I ve had mine for 10 months now and it s been very reliable; not one problem with it. It s quick to print out the 
Fits my Handspring Visor Neo. My Handspring Visor Neo fits in this Strongman PDA case perfectly. The pockets for credit or business cards are a nice bonus. The flap between 
Excellent. Great speakers for CD Player ipod music player, laptop desktop computers. Deep bass and balanced treble for watching movies and listening music on the go or at home  
Great wireless phone. Can t say anything bad at all about these phones. Crystal clear sounds. Many different ringers, even CHristmas if you want. Works great with cables phone service 
Works nice. I did not have any problem with this product, and can recomend it. Specially since I am very happy with battery time  
Better to buy on Amazon than an office supply store. I ve been using this tape with my labelmaker for years and have been very happy with it. I went 
an excellent!!!. Recently, I bought the flyer. Previously I had Lexar scurity jump drive and from the very beggining I was not happy with it. Its features were complicated that 
Addictive fun!. I enjoy my nike so much! I don t wear nike shoes so I bought a shoe pouch to wear with my peal izumi s. Works great and 
Best Premium LCD. I was deciding between the Samsung lns4096 and the sony xbr2. After comparing televisions i was really impressed with the samsung. It is just as sexy and 
It s called the Ultra Mini for a reason!. This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub.The cord is about 2.5 feet long 
tv wallmount. Very good product, but I expected it to be of better quality. Still, a good quality product with versatilit  
Excellent!. I bought these CDRs for making copies of CD Gs for karaoke. CD Gs can be very picky on quality and Taiyo Yuden works the best for me for 
It s called the Ultra Mini for a reason!. This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub.The cord is about 2.5 feet long 
Hello Kitty Karaoke Machine. I purchased this item for my daughters Birthday and she loves it. It comes with two microphones so we both can sing along. It also has 
Use silicone. Use a dab of silicone to secure earbud. This will hold better than crazy glue on this type material. The sound quality is pretty good if you can 
Happy with my Sony SSM-F750H. I m not a music lover so music lovers move on to another review. I m a Movie lover and I purchased these speakers for 
Great product. First of all, It s a sony, meaning that it costs more money than a usual burner like this does, but in exchange you get the quality that 
I love my 12cp version 2 . I ve had both versions of the 12c platinum 12cp --the older one without the parens sto & rcl keys , undo div 
Economical solution to satellite radio portability!. Worked great right out of the box. Fast shipping with tracking. Simple hookup. Eliminates the cumbersome wires to keep XM with me anywhere with 
Pay a little more and get a lot more. Now that it s up and running it s so reliable and easy to use that we don t even think 
At Last!!! A New Style Phone That Has Some Weight To It!!!. I purchased two of this phone model, tried them out for a spell and like them. I am 
It works. If you have an S - Video port on your laptop and you want to display this on a TV it works, without those expensive converters.  
TV turntable. The turntable works very well. It s just the right size, and rotates very smoothly  
Sony Memory Stick. This is definitely a great investment. I can take as many pictures as I want to and not have to worry that the stick is getting full. 
Good, inexpensive and does the job. This product works very well, It surprises me how inexpensive it is.I m planing to order one more and install it in my RV.ThanksTom 
Useful?. The product is as good as you can expect. All mouse pad has very similar design, which is not comfortable to use, in my opinion  
Does the job well. I bought this product to use with my 17 wide screen Inspiron 9300, which became blazing hot with heavy graphics card load. Now, my laptop barely 
Know your product before you buy your product!. Yes, the previous reviews are true! This product does have some quirky flaws that need to be ironed out. I occasionally use 
 D2 is D-One! . Having had a D2-60GB for four years and still counting, decided to add the D2-160Gb as a second storage and back-up device for my iMac. 
Best FM Transmitter available!. This FM transmitter is by far the best I have ever used. I used to have the Griffin iTrip and decided that I hate it so 
Some errors, but not many coasters. At this point, I ve used about 75 of these discs for burning. They are fairly good. On occasion, I ve run across an 
Nothing but compliments. I am using this system instead of component audio to do with my new hi def TV. i can t believe the quality of sound that comes 
This Radio Can Save Your Bacon. Note: this is a copy of a review that I posted for the WR-100B, which appears to be nearly the same check both listings 
Decent router for the money. I ve been using this router for years with few problems. When I first started using the router it seemed that it needed to be 
Green Laser. My kids love this thing. It s really cool to play with it when it s snowing. I can see the dot over 1 mile away on the 
great medium-level palm. got the zire 72 ~2 years ago, replaced with t x 12 05 see my review on it . thought i should still write a review because 
Sparkling Clarity. This is a great flat screen LCD -- we use it in our office for educational DVDs and VCRs separate units and the picture quality is superb. We 
Great hardware unit; mediocre software included. Still embarking on spooling off all the Hi-8 tapes I have, but I ve been VERY satisfied with the Plextor unit so far. First 
Perfect laptop case!. We just use the case for storage at home and for short local trips, but we love it! With an adjustable velcro strap inside, we can safely 
The First Colorful iPod. The Mini was the first iPod that came in colors. So, it was the first iPod I bought--It was pink. I could not resist.When I first 
good durable toy. We have now had it for over 2 years and between 4 kids and their many friends and cousins, it still lives! Whenever it is found it 
It works, and thats what matters. Its smiple and thats what make it work well.Plug it in and set it up and forget.Very easy to use  
Almost. Pretty good electronic dictionary. If you re reading Stephen Donaldson, there will be a lot of words this dictionary does not have :- There are two shortcomings to this 
Kingston 512 MB Secure Digital Card SD 512 . Product has performed well and have experienced no problems with it. I am using it in an HP M425 5 megapixel 
Great TV, great service. The Sharp Aquos LC32D42U is a great TV. I did some research before buying and discovered what is hard to find in the Sharp specs. First, 
A great value. First of all, let me get the cons out of the way. This is a pretty heavy TV! However, the build quality feels solid. Also, as another 
A very handy PDA Dictionary and Thesaurus. I bought the 11th edition and this comes with Mobipocket Reader Pro v4.7. I find that the response is fast even though it 
Decent monitors!. I normally don t buy speakers without listening to them first, but in August 2006 I took a gamble and purchased a pair of these, I m not 
trabaja bien. es un buen limpiador de pasta no tine olor fuerte. facil de usar  
Solid receiver. Recently bought this receiver to replace a dead one. There isn t really anything special about this receiver, but it a solid one. The two year warranty tells 
Uniden Expandable Phones. Other user of these phones have detailed some of idiosyncracies of these phones, so I won t. Let me say, however, that these phones were easy to 
Works as expected. I purchased this AV cable so I could play the movies that I have downloaded and placed on Creative Zen M player on my television set and 
Outstanding photo quality. I ve had this printer over a month now. I have a Fujifilm S602 digital camera. The quality of the photos, whether 4x6 or 8.5x11, is excellent. 
Great, inexpensive portable DVD player. Works great. I am very happy with it and am very happy with the price I paid. It was a very good deal  
3 medium ties 1 large tie. Works great, it should be noted that the medium ties best fit medium size 20ft XLR or 1 4 cables of the thickness quality 
We love it!. We bought this TV 3 months ago and don t regret it one bit. It was delivered right to our door in a timely manner and in 
Black as Night. Very pleased with the high capacity cartridge with my Epson Stylus CX6600. Compatibles do not compare  
Fuji camera. I have enjoyed it and think I was really smart to find it refurbished on Amazon. Instead of paying 377.00 for it, I got it for 111.00. Works 
works perfectly with my pdas, read this before you buy. I bought this card from DellI worried once because some complain it don t workthen I learned the card supports 
Just what I had wanted. I m not a techno-type, so even with this item, I had a friend set it up. He seemed to have no problem whatsoever. Now 
Solid Performer. Ergonomic design and small footprint make this relatively quick monochromatic Laser printer a good buy especially if you get the rebate which can bring the price down to 
fax machine. Very nice looking and easy to install. Just what I was looking for. Great price  
Ribbons were of good quality. My ribbons were backordered but, when they arrived, they were good quality and worked well  
Notebook Stand. I use this every day and I just love it. It raises the screen on my laptop to an easier viewing level. The keyboard is also a plus. 
Bulls Eye. I purchased it for my stereo at home to listen my ipod. Does it well. Why buy docking stations? You home theater and this cable should be all 
Terk TV-55. I purchased the TV-55 after trying a small, amplified rabbit ear antenna from Radio Shack that gave me one very fuzzy channel at our lake house about 50 
A Great Product, really easy to use, TV up in 20 min. I bought this mount to hang a 50 inch Panasonic plasma TV. I had the mount up and 
Does what it s supposed to. I purchased several of these units to track a small fleet and they work quickly and reliably under a variety of circumstances. I am 
Awesome cost effective printer. I purchased this product for Christmas from Staples as it was cheaper at the time. I am in love with this printer. It creates high quality 
Almost a must, if you use the battery grip. I wouldn t be without this. When I first bought the 20d it was my first digital SLR and I spent 
Receiver holder. Good product. Very useful  
Great item, but pay attention when setting up... I bought this to serve as a backup for all of my iTunes purchases and digital pictures. Now that it up and 
Worked as expected. I use this card in my DSLR and it works as expected. I haven t run into any problems  
sandisk mp3 player. i bought this item and this mp3 player is the best you can store about 400 songs and with the sd slot for more memory you can 
Great buy, No more switching cards. On a recent trip I used this disk to hold nearly 600 large size photos from my Canon digital rebel. On rapid fire settings 
Linksys WRT54GX4 Worked Out of Box without Aggravation. I studied the following Linksys products: WRT300N Wireless-N Broadband Router paired with the WUSB300N Wireless-N USB Network Adapter; and the WRT54GX4 Wireless-G 
Lots of Music choices. This Cartridge has many songs from the 60 s and the 70 s, but it would be nice to just have a cartridge of one decade 
Portability of the CyberHome Portable DVD Case. It s a great little case. The only problem is there should be more thickness or width to the case so one can 
Simple to setup, faced range problems though. I bought this product after a lot of looking around on Internet for comparable products. What I like about this combination is the 
hp 51641A. This is the tri-color cartridge for HP 1150c and other officejet printers. It is the best and other less expensive imitations do not produce the same rich colors. 
Fellows P70CM Shredder. I am very pleased with this product. It does not bind like some others we have had. The cross-cut feature is much better than the line shreds. 
Great MoBo. Nice Mobo, gives high performance with ok price. No complains. I recommend to use a good P S thermaltake or something to avoid problems.  
I like the belt strip, very secure!. I had a case for a Garmin GPS and it was just a belt clip that you slide on and off your belt, 
Nice box for the money. Bought this to free up my DVR - turn recorded movies into DVD s etc. It works pretty well, accurate capture, easy to use. Not 
These A V cables are worth EVERY penny!!. Being that the TV reception coming out of my VCR is always crappy, the first thing I did after getting my Monster 
Good picture printout. I have a hp photosmart 7660 which did not produce a picture as good as this canon printer  
Excellent easy to use printer!. This is a fantastic deal from Amazon on this printer. I got it for 240, when all local stores were selling it for 300. The 
Best Purchase I ve made in a while!. I ve been wanting something to upconvert my DVD s for a while but I wasn t sure what to get. A 
Don t risk being without one!. I already knew how good this product was before we bought it. We had purchased one for my daughter and when lightening stuck it 
The very best earphones I ve ever used. These are really quite surprising phones. I tried them on an excellent system and they are better than my five hundred dollar 
extremely comfortable bag, very well design. quite shocked when i put on the straps on my shoulder with a 6 lbs notebook computer. it s feels light.have several targus bags, 
Excellent Quality & Speed. After trying other printers for a while, I came back to HP and bought the P2015DN and I m happy that I did. It s a 
Watch for a Price Drop on this Radio. Note: This is a copy of the review that I posted for the Red model of this radio.The old Silver Grundig Eton 
Very Happy. Didn t realize exactly how small this chip would be. Has worked well with no problems so far. Have had it about 2 months. Would recommend to others 
Great Picture. This TV is amazing. A super picture, even with standard transmissions. Bought as a gift for my Father, and he s very happy. Get it you won t 
Great product, easy to use. I ve been told that I bought a better wireless card than I needed, but I really don t regret it. This is my first 
Great little reader. I m a Mac user OS 10.4 so I particularly like that this reader doesn t require a separate driver. Cards mount on my desktop as any 
Bullet-proof PDA case. Well-made hard case that is virtually a necessity to protect the Tungsten E2 which comes with a flimsy, cheap flip case  
Excellent Audio Interface. Excellent audio interface to a PC for a single musician who wants to get his her ideas down and wants to be able to play with layering 
Excellent mount for satellite radios. This product is just what I was looking for to mount my XM radio in my Sebring Convertible. Because of it s deep windshield, this 
Great device combined with GBPVR. I bought this with Hauppauge PVR-500MCE 2 tuners to records shows. I wanted to setup a media center PC to store all my videos, pictures 
Excellent Transaction!. Excellent transaction! I bought this as a Christmas gift, concerned that it would not arrive in time, it was shipped standard USPS. Not only did it arrive in 
How did I run without this???. The Garmin Forerunner 305 is awesome. It tracks numerous metrics about your run including distance, pace, heart rate with optional HR monitor , grade, 
Not fancy, but does the job... I bought this simple mount to put a Magnavox 37MF 321 D , 37-inch LCD TV on the wall, or more accurately, on my 
Axion 2.5 LCD TV. Receives all local channels with clear picture and good color. I am pleased with this purchase  
Good stereo sound -- built-in mike would help. I exchange audio letters with friends, and this stereo recorder was purchased after my Sony 100 DVS died and no replacement parts 
Good Product. Using it as antenna for computer, not router. It has increased my signal strenght by 1 bars consistently, and boosted speed by 12 mbps or more at all 
Great for communicating with my Mac. Works well for my mac and BT enabled Sony Ericsson phone. Other than the built in drivers for the printer in Mac OSX, support 
Expensive, but works well. This is my first experience with HDTV and wide screen. This 46 Sony TV is excellent with HD programs; with regular broadcasts, it is a bit 
A printer that does everything well. The seller advertised that this was part of a camera bundle. I received it promptly in the original box darn, he took the camera! 
A very good purchase at a good price. This cheese slicer makes me wish I had bought one many years ago. Right out of the box after washing it I 
Exceptional Quality for Great Price. I ordered this tool kit so that I would have the needed to tools to build a new computer. When I received the kit in 
Speck has a hit with Toughskin. This Toughskin product for the Apple ipod nano 2G really works great and looks great. It looks like it will be very shock resistant 
Not quite as good as the last Logitech mouse. I ve had my old Logitech mouse for more years than I can remember. In the past few weeks the wheel 
Great if you need this much storage. I found that it took longer than I expected to receive my two day delivery time. Unfortunately I did not keep the item. 
No Drivers Required and MEGA EASY to operate!. This unit is my favorite because the professors that use it can t screw it up : It s back button actually 
good. I bought this system for my 11 year old daughter. She loves it. We hung it on the wall in her bedroom without any problems. It takes up very 
Great Performance. Works great,good coverage. Had a small problem setting it due to changeing my ISP from cable to DSL. Called tech support, and they walked me through the set 
Superb headset with no equal. This headset is an absolute must for any hardcore gamer, especially if you play any of your games online. I have found these headphones to 
Recommended for those burned movies and more. Delightful. Plays all but the latest codec updates and offers component video jacks. Digital audio output is coax only. Can be made region-free 
Consistent and solid. I hated replacing my L nksys BEFVP41, because it forced me to use a software VPN solution vs. the build in hardware crypto solution. The bottom line 
Great headphones. I have had these for about a year now. I love them. They were 70 at the time and provide great quality audio. I use them in an 
Worked well. I needed a way to power my laptop, and my batteries for my camcorder, as well as my digital camera. This was done without a problem when my 
Great way to enter into home theater. I bought this projector several months ago, so I ve had a chance to get used to it and can share all that 
m audi axiom 61 midi controller. the controller arrived right on the day expected. the product is great, i ve been using it 24 7 since its arrival.  
2 gig xd rocks. This flash card is used in an Olympus 510uz camera. It gives us 30 minutes of video or 2000 plus pictures. It s great.  
Better than Wizcom QuickLink Elite. I m measuring, first and foremost, ease and precision of scanning. Speed of scanning and ease of installation on the computer are, in my mind, 
Pretty Good. Not bad for its price: this recorder works fine and has no annoying drawbacks. Just don t drop yours--I just did and that was enough to break it. 
NEC ND3550A. Very easy to install, I m not very hardware literate. I have used it to copy music with the cd-r and movies with dvd-r so far no coasters. 
Good Product - Bad Service. Ordered the product over a week before Christmas with express delivery. Didn t get the package until Dec 29th. Did get an email on the 
Easy to use, works very well. Amazon shipped the product for free in 3 days. Using the antenna is as simple as hooking it up to you tv and letting 
Hand Strap E1. Alot Better Then Wrapping The Neck Strap Around Your Arm Or Hand...It Really Depends On What Kind Of Photography You Do. I Shoot At Night Clubs And 
Great Buy. I use it everyday. It is very convenient and sturdy. The best part is I only paid 1 2 of what other stores were asking for  
Great flexibility but long charge times. I mainly purchased this to charge the 9-volt batteries available. None of the info online indicated what the charging times were, and it turns 
Great Leather Notebook Case. Great seller, fast delivery. Best value for te price, in fact you cant find a better deal on the net  
Works Great with Mac Os X Tiger 10.4.4. I tried another product before this to work with my Quicksilver G4 tower. I recently upgraded to the Airport Express and needed 
Bang for the Buck like non other. Casio has always been about Bang-for-the-buck and they have gotten really good at it too. I loved the constants and conversion features. The 
The Ayes have it. This product is wonderful. After I returned the Cambridge SoundWorks 730 Radio Black because it lacked sensitivity in my fringe reception area, my Amazon.com refund was 
My Home Headphones. They don t collapse, so they aren t the most easily portable as you sure aren t putting them in your pocket. You also aren t listening 
Sloppy Printing. This is pretty useful. If my printing were more legible, it would make things a bit easier when I convert to a word document. I use it for 
Plasma Heaven. When you make a decision after exhaustive research and that decision is right, what a great feeling. It s been just over one week and my Panasonic TH-42PX600U 
Get these headphones the right way. First,these phones are great but I want them in black.Now if you don t get a good ear seal they will sound horrible.The treble 
excellent, but fragile. It worked much better than expected. The page clips also were very good, but one fell off about 5 minutes into owning using the item I put 
I Love this thing. I got this on sale for 80 and i love it. It holds about 300 songs, gets plenty loud, has amazingly good battery life, and takes 
Excellent Device, Great Price for Redundancy. When shopping for external storage, I wanted something that not only provided a lot of GB s for my dollar, but would also provide 
Buy this! You ll love it!. I am very happy with this product. The sound is fantastic. I ve had several cheaper portable CD Cassette Radio players and they have 
JBL SP-8C JBL 8 2-WAY 100 Watt Round In-ceiling Speakers White, Pair . Very nice sound, cheap and very easy to instal  
SUPRISED. BOUGHT IT AS A TOY . WAS SUPRISED AT THE QUALITY OF TE PICTURE.WE HAVE MOST STATIONS FROM 5-35 MILES. DOES WELL ON 5-20 BUT CAN SEE ALL. ESPECIALLY 
Revised Review. The reception is much better than my old antenna, however, I was expecting instructions to be included with the antenna. After some time I figured out how to 
Wish all things worked this well. I bought this to replace a Max G router and have never regretted it. I m using a MacBook Pro and it works so 
Superb and never die out batteries. These batteries are far stable and durable in long term use. I have owned non-brand name and Kodak rechargeable batteries. They are either unstable 
Best cordless I ve had yet. I ve bought so many cordless phones over the years I ve lost count. This model really fits the bill on the elements most 
Effective but Limited in use. Both items worked well. The light is sufficiently bright to light up a keyboard effectively, while not too glaring, and the fan worked silently with 
Hail! Hail! 2 Channel........... We live in a world where most people have no idea what 2 channel is let alone a tape monitor and phono input what the hecks 
Samsung tv. This is an excellent product - very pleased with everything except the sound - could be better but I use for kitchen tv and is sufficient. I would 
I Disagree with you ALL. I personally LOVE this little dictionary. I use it in my Zire 72. The dictionary has lots of function and i have had no problems 
Review of Stereo. It was missing the FM antennae. But I was not intending to use the system for the radio. Overall, it is a great system!!Walt - Illinoi  
Hard to find, but works great. Seriously, these things aren t easy to find. Amazon has them at a good price and you ll need it if you have a 
Works like a champ. All electronics should work this easily. You hook it up, read the manual, play with it alittle bit and it works like a charm. I ve 
Good Quality and Service. The memory card arrived in the time specified, no shipping charge, and was packed well for the trip. I am pleased with the order  
Flat lcd hdtv 27 really good deal from Olevia and amazon. I bought this lcd tv for a really low price and this tv has a crisp look, great to 
Great value and features. My setup is an older Hitachi UltraVision 61 HDTV, 2 B&W 604 front, B&W CC6 Center and 2 B&W 601 rear speakers. I was ready to 
Great Surround Sound receiver!. I combined this receiver with the Athena Micra 6 speaker system, and the sound is excellant for a 14 x 14 room  
Excellent TV. I am very satisfied with this Sony TV. Set-up was no problem and picture quality is excellent. The remote control is pretty basic. The only complaint I have 
When you know how to use it... it s among the best. This card is amazing. By using this card instead of a Cisco, Proxim, or my built-in Atheros chipset, 
Very Good Product. This VPN client was very easy to set up and works great! I connect to 9 different locations with this client and it was easy to duplicate 
Works fine. Right price and works off of USB! The sound is terrible on MacBook so this will fill in nicely  
No licking and yet sticking. To the envelope they adhere like ticks on a deer  
Perfect! No complaints. It can transfer Flash drive & SD card to a car mp3 player. That s very nice. I love it..  
Perfect Match for Sony MD Recorders. I bought the DS70P as a companion to my Sony MZ-R30 MD Recorder. I use it primarily for sound recording at wedding ceremonies. As 
BR1500 and BX1500 Backup UPS. This item is BR1500, which also called RS model vs. the BX1500 called XS models. External battery BR24BP can be used for both BR1500 and 
I ll have to agree... ...with the other reviewers who say this is 5 stars. I think I m going to order it but just want to let people know 
Excellent fit for large 17 screen laptop. I ve just gotten a E1705 Dell laptop - it s got a 17 screen and is significantly larger than my last machine. 
Bose, always more than you expect. I don t know how Bose technology works, but I certainly can HEAR it and it s the Best!  
yamaha pkbs1 protable keyboard stand. keyboard stand is very sturdy and fits the keyboard just right  
Targus ChillHub Review. Overall a well made product. Very useful if your notebook computer gives off heat. I have not used the fan feature, except to give it a test 
this pair is worth it. i bought the wireless keyboard pad with the wireless mouse because i have to do lot of excel work and input figures in excel sheet. 
Good deal for the money. I bought it for my sister to play CD s and MP3 s. She and bro in law aren t all that computer saavy, so 
Great Ink. Epson inks are wonderful, especially if used with Epson paper.They are, however, expensive! Consider that a printer comes with ink included. Buying ink replacements twice is equivalent to 
Awesome although its not the fatest. If you are trying to get a good quality charger, then Sony BCG-34HRMF4 is made for you.Pros:1] Looks Good2] Battery Indicator.3] Can charge single 
great processor for the money. I am used to processors with this kind of power being sooo much more money than Intell released this for. I am completely satisfied with 
Easy to use. The Seagate setup easily and functions unobtrusively. You schedule back-up reminders. Well worth the investment for both expanded space and peace of mind security  
Excellent value for a good remote. This is a near perfect remote to replace a lost or damaged TV remote and you can t beat the price for what you 
Motorola T5500AA. In general, these two way radios work very well. We use them when we ski and for the most part we can communicate beter than using our older 
Fantastic. I have an Explorist 210 and this bracket fits it like a glove. Good sturdy bracket, uni-directional, with strong suction cups - installed over a month ago and still 
its a good player. ok Ive had this player for a month or so I dont have any of the problems found in some other reports first the bad 1 
Sony is the best all around. Ok first of all these mini disc are like game cube dics actualy a little smaller... but the are in a little floppy like 
Amazing Phone. This phone is crystal clear, has cell phone like features and with the add camera it perfect  
Excellent Product. I love the sound quality and the way I am able to exercise and not notice that I have headphones on. The headphones don t slide but I 
Great little AM-FM radio. I ve had the Sangean DT-180V in my hands for a few days, I was able to test it against my Sony M37. Sorry, but I 
Great Idea!. I have been looking for an easier way to protect the front my my lens without having to either take off my lens hood or trying to fumble 
Great Phone - Bad Batteries. I have owned the base unit and 1 remote unit for about 2 years. It is absolutely the best phone system I have ever owned. 
No subscription service support. This is a great little player. It sounds really great with the included earbuds, yes they are a little uncomfortable and hard to keep in. The 
Exactly what it should be. Fits nicely onto the Kensington power block. The fit is snug and secure enough not to fall off and get lost  
A winner. I bought this for my husband for Christmas and he was delighted. A perfect gift for him. Now he wants all the accesories.  
Perfect cable for my flat screen TV. Does exactly what I needed it to do ...thank  
Good Phone. This phone does exactly what it is supposed to do, also it is reliable and easy to use. It doesn t have a lot of features, I miss 
Simple, but effective. I bought these for some Sony surround sound speakers, although I was initially concerned about the choice because they are made from what is essentially plastic. However, 
the cheapest on the web. i it a great price for that kind of product. it is a lot of quality and works really nice. i strongly recomend it.  
SONY S VERSION OF POLK SPEAKERS. I HAVE TO SAY THAT I BEGAN LISTENING TO THESE SPEAKERS LAST YEAR AT LEAST A HALF DOZEN TIMES BEFORE I PURCHASED THEM.THE HIGH 
Very Good Batteries, Questionable Value. The batteries worked well directly out of the package.Recharging time is commensurate with other rechargeable batteries of the same mAh rating.The price premium for these 
Love it!. I bought this part and the addition that makes it a double shelf. I have my TV on it and it s great  
Good basic webcam. For the price, this camera is pretty good. It does the job. Only problem is that one can t attach it to the monitor. It needs to 
Radio is unbelievable!!!!. I had bought this radio at a Radio Shack store in town when we went to visit my dad in Indiana last Christmas. I had only bought 
Very pleased on a good deal. I was very pleased with the purchase and prompt delivery of my new GPS. It was a pleasant experience. Delivery was prompt.  
price AND performance. I ve used Epson s Premium Glossy, Colorlife and Heavyweight Matte. The Matte is far cheaper and gives beautiful results. I ve actually found that I like 
Laptop Case with Everything. This laptop case has everything I wanted: plenty of space for pens, files folders, notebooks, and computer accessories, and plenty of padding to keep the computer 
Calculator cable. I really like this cable. It makes connecting to my computer a piece of cake. What a great idea! And the price was terrific  
Best Available Price at the Time. This product is essential for business. Also if you need to communicate with your business customers aborad you just set up a closed network. 
SD Memory Review. The product works as well as would be expected from Kingston. Everything is Great!!  
One of the Best of Its Kind But Is It Worth the Price?. The Eton E5, a rebadged and remade Kaito 1103, is one of the best digital preset radios 
I like having this in my system. I have several high-dollar A V components, and I want to do everything I can to protect my investment.But how do you evaluate 
Great Product. I was thinking about buying a 1G card, but after reading one of the reviews,I bought two 512 card,just in case that somethingwent wrong. Which to me made 
Nice Case!. I have not been able to find a case like this until now. The shipping from My Gear Store was fast, and case is very protective  
Great deal for low end stands. After reading other reviews, I decided to go ahead and get these. Especially for what they cost, they get the job done. Like another 
Sony Radio Walkman. My husband just loves this walkman headphones! He wears them while cutting the grass, riding his bike or anything else that he is moving around doing so 
Great quality and overall value. I ve been using these CD s for a while now and they work extremely well on my Lite-On SOHW-1673S, getting burning times of 2 
Great Set. Sound quality from the headphones are top notch. Comfort level is 4-stars, those with large heads might not like them as much.Mic is a little muffled, even if 
Best Deal for the Money. Bought this for my boyfried for Christmas. He seems to like it. I think if it s not snugly held either by hand or in 
Lexar Professional CF cards. I m a working photographer who has been, after several years use, getting write errors on my Lexar Professional CF cards 1 Gb and 2 Gb. 
Needs improvement. The inside or the leather case is finished in black velvet! this is not the optimus material for the use and the look of the item. I recomend 
Excellent!. I love this little case. It is like I have a pink video iPod! It doesn t scratch easily and is very sturdy. The case is really cool. It 
It`s great!. I`ve got iHome for Christmas last year and I still love it! I read the reviews that IHome doesn`t work well ... well READ the instructions first !! 
 User Friendly isn t always user friendly. Great remote, does evertying I hoped and dreamed. The only downside was the set-up. Logitech went to great lenths to make the 
Fits Inspiron 9300. Reasonably well made. Fits my Inspiron 9300 more than fine. I knew it didn t have handles, but if it did it would have been perfect  
Review of asio CW-100-IH CD Label Printer. I like this printer. There a few minor quarks, but it s fast and the prints come out good. The one thing to 
A fine product.....but,..... the 210DV is just the 200 DV with a power adapter and cassette tape included in the package. The power adapter is an additional 14.99 if sold 
It Works. I have experienced none of the problems stated by the reviewer George Heiser. This card works just fine on my computer.Now, to why I rated the product 5 
Sangean MMR-77. I am a radio nut ; I hold an amateur Ham radio Extra Class license. I have owned many radios including several Sangeans and this little thingy is 
won t fit your ipod - don t bother with this product. i purchased the DLO action jacket neoprene for 20 & 40GB ipods for my wife for use on 
Thanks. Thanks to all of you for the input! I was interested in this product as a x-mas present for my parents...great price and liked the fact that it was 
Skip the Doctor!. You have to be suspicious when a manufacturer blames YOU when their product fails to perform. Such is the case with the SkipDoctor. I used this product 
Creases paper, Jams. Have two of these printers. Both began creasing the center of paper after a short period of use. Creases got worse and they started to jam. Went 
Nearly useless with the iPod. The Apple Remote is included with the iMac G5 and works great with it and Front Row. However, for the iPod, it s almost useless. 
With a Mac, not so good. At first I was thrilled. Then I found that color matching was difficult-to-impossible, so the pics look washed out. I tried to download the 
 2 for a AAA cell?. Maybe if these were high end rechargable NiMH this would be a reasonable price. But for Alkaline? This is even more ridiculus than the 
Your head is dirty... It all began after a few hours worth of use, the head began to jump and thrash inside the unit. Brand new player and a new 
quit working after 4 CDs over 2 weeks. I used mine for less than the time it took to deplete one pair of AA Sony 2500 mAh batteries and to 
Bad purchase... I have returned one to the factory then they send me another defective too !!!Avoid this purchas  
Had pix loss w Lexar cards. About three years ago, maybe four, I bought two Lexar CFII cards. One never worked, the other worked, but lost all data. I wrote 
Yes - worst product ever... I wish I read the reviews before I bought this thing, unfortunately. Extremely user unfriendly to connect and disconnects itself often; kills batteries even in 
Good for exploring, but information is inaccurate. I purchased this item because I am new to mountain biking and I go a lot of places that i m not familiar 
I couldn t get it to work. Looks cool. The manufacturer said it could work. I couldn t make it happen. Maybe you can. good luck. I have iPAQ 4350. 
not a good quality. i bought 3 of these cables...all 3 cables fit loose in there hole  
Improperly Advertised. Agree with the prior message. I was duped into thinking 10 VHS tapes were being sold. DON T ORDER THIS  
Fragile,. Too tight for my head not that big Sound average for a 30 dollar headphone.A lot smaller and less comfortable then the predecessor UR30Hinge Broke after 3 months of 
Picture quality lacking. I tested this along with the Neuros MPEG4 and must say hands down the winner in picture quality is the Neuros. The picture with the SanDisk is 
blank. it s a blank mini sd, nothing recognizes it. I tried it on my laptop, a mini sd reader on my desktop, and on my pda; doesn t work. 
Worst Warranty in the Industry. I purchased this drive 6 months ago as a spare and just recently installed it. The drive has a controller board error. I contacted Western 
Didn t work with my printer. I had to return this item because when I called Tech Support they told me the printer wasn t compatible with this unit. It 
NOT for lecture halls or meetings. As a test, to make sure of the range, for recording a meetng, I did the following. The recorder failed completely. I turned the 
A Dangerous Piece of Junk. I foolishly placed my irreplaceable, 200 DVD in this newly-purchased machine as instructed.The result was a disaster! The machine added visible scratches and made playback 
Product was broken. I know this is a good product becuase I purchased one before and my son loved it. However, this one arrived broken and I have not been 
sleeves smell awful. The clear plastic windows of the sleeves emit a strong chemical smell. I bought two boxes; both boxes stank. Maybe if you pay a little more you 
Comes with a Self Destruct. I had my Pink iPod mini since Feb. 2005. It was fine until it died the next year on the exact day I got it, 
Klear screen is horrible. Klear screen has to be the absolute worst product I ve ever used. It has nearly ruined my 2001fp. I was stupid and used it on 
Linksys WIP320 iPhone falls short. The product description in January 2007 is inaccurate:batery life in the standby mode is about 20 hours, not 60;there is no hands free speakerphone;if you 
Good potential, but nasty. The Tomtom has great features. But I returned mine. First, the maps are very dated. This makes it iffy at best. It has terrific potential, if 
utterly hopeless. I have seen some junk over the years, but this takes the prize...the most useful part was the 3.5mm cord and batteries. I doubt that this product cost 
It s better than a coat hanger. What can I say? It s not a Radio Shack 160 boom antenna. However, this antenna would probably work better if you nail 
Does not work with WMP. This player doesn t work with Windows Media Player. This player works by dragging files in Windows Explorer so any protected content WMAs will only 
Are there two m230s ?. I have read all 181 reviews and decided that half the reviewers did not get the model that I did.Or else they wrote their review 
Do not buy!. Looks slick, decent sound and great price BUTflimsy attenna and CD player broke after 1 week on its own - I didn t even open it up 
Bad experience with this cable. I bought this cable hoping for a reasonably priced alternative to the outrageously priced Apple cable. This cable worked fine to charge my iPod when 
Lousy card, lousy router, loust deal. Read the reviews, ordered the deal, got burned. The card is garbage, drops in and out, the router drops in and out, then fried 
Guys, Don t BUY this. Don t regret not reading the above bad reviews on this product.All of is true. The lockup s the high price, it all adds up 
Junk. This item is absolutely worthless, don t waste your time! I m returning mine to Target tomorrow.There are laws against false advertising, I don t know why they re 
Not for Macs--maybe not for anyone. Don t believe the claim that you can just plug it in and it s ready to use. This product is set up for 
Do not buy this. The transmitter works but it is of low quality the sound has static that is always there no matter what you do  
HP Pavillion laptop won t boot!. MY HP Pavillion laptop won t boot with this plugged into any USB port. Once it boots, however, I can use my PS 2 
Its not such a joy stick. We bought this joystick to go with a computer game that son has. It s not working and we aren t sure what to 
The Linksys converter was pure junk!. The product not only did not work but blew out fuses in my car. The mechanic who checked my car out said the device 
Do not buy this item. I just received and tested this item. The idea and the design looked very attractive, especially the USB port. But ... Your guess is right! 
Don t Even Think About It. I purchased these in lieu of running a new phone jack to a bedroom. It refused to work unless I was within 15 feet 
not pleased. The battery packs in these walkie talkies last for about an hour only- I am very disappointed in the quality. We need them for emergencies throughout the day- 
Didn t work. The product would not set up on a mac or pc. It simply did not work. I have a standard wifi setup with no security. Big waste 
Can t use the printer if any of the 6 ink cartridges are out of ink. This is my fourth Epson printer and probably my last. The Epson RX580 needs 
Does not work with Windows 2003 Server. This product does not work with Windows 2003 Server, and it doesn t call that out on the box. This is 3 or 
New Slinbgbox is a downgrade!. I ordered this device based upon good reviews of the first model. Installation went fine and the device works almost as expected. The problem is 
You say Sangean , I say Proton , let s call the whole thing off!. Over the years, I owned several Proton radios. Beautiful design, great sound - WHEN they 
Obsolete for computer running on Windows XP. This multi port uses USB 1.1 technology which is outdated and obsolete----order a USB 2.0 port instea  
OK, but expect better quality for the price. I ve had these for a few months. You actually do get reasonable quality surround sound from the unit. However, as noted 
Price of product vs. poor customer service. Had problem with unit w in 3 mos of purchase. Was finally able to make contact with company after several WEEKS of trying. 
Poor Quality. The selector I received added noise to the speakers that wasn t there when the speakers were connected direct to the receiver. Also, one of the selectors buttons 
Wish I could just get one that doesn t have any problems!. I ordered one of these two months ago and it worked GREAT for the first two months, then 
Weak at best. Tried this product for about a week. My roommate has a mobile unit mounted in his car. On transmit, he could hear me about about 1 4 
not exactly match fit for the gen 2 nano. This thing was slipping and sliding all over the place and I constantly had to readjust in so the functions were 
It s not a scratch repair kit, just a scratch kit... When I paid somewhere between 20- 30 a couple of months ago for the OptiFix Pro Kit, I made 
Ouch !!!!!!They are huge. wow,i never thought i write a bad review on Amazon.I thought the pink color and JVC are good combo.AY!Ay!They are huge and they hurt.The Sound is 
vague compatibility information. This would of been a great sd card had it actually had a list of actual devices that it was compatible with...from the description, my mda should 
Classic Telephone. This classic telephone looks great in the hallway of my old farmhouse. Unfortunately, the push button dial tones have never worked properly. Since I bought it mostly for 
Do NOT buy this item. I got the speaker today, and contrary to the instruction, Nano doesn t fit in to the speaker with the silicone skin that came with. 
This does not work!. This charger does not work with my Ipod Nano. I have even tried different usb cables and leaving it charging for hours. No result. Nice price, 
Problems Ejecting USB Mass Storage Device with WinXP. It worked file with Win 2k, but as soon as I switched to Windows Xp, this device was rendered utterly useless to 
Cut my Internet Speed to 30 . I bought this to upgrade my wireless connection to my Xbox 360. The Wireless connectivity was passable not great but what ultimately made 
Lettering is poor. Couldn t find anyplace else on Amazon to review the Dymo Letra Tags. I am probably returning both models that I purchased. The more expensive model QX50 
Colossal piece of junk. I never write reviews, but this one is a stinker worth commenting on. First thing out of the box and out from under the slip of 
CD does not work for my printer. When installed CD, it can not be recognized by my lap top. So, I could not install it. Dump....  
Uhh I m not happy. Yeah... I can t review it if I don t have it... HORRIBLE SERVICE... I lost my 8 bucks  
Charger yes, transmitter no. Works fine as a USB charger, but transmits a very low signal. You have to crank your radio up to max to barely hear anything, the 
Don t fall in the number. This product seems to be very cheap ... as we expect it to hold 96 CD DVD. But the truth is that it doesn 
It s not doing what it says. I have purchased the card for my 3 years old Toshiba laptop, which has a wireless card b so I thought it is 
Not for children. I didn t know there was a Parental Advisory on this cartridge until it arrived. Clearly not suitable for children. Also, I didn t know any of 
My Garmin RINO 130 Locks Up. I have had one for almost a year and have sent it back to Garmin twice, they replaced it once. It still has the 
You have to be kidding, 52 for a USB cable. 52 for a 1 cable and software that should be included with the unit, hard to believe  
Functional but barely. I bought this because I wanted a cheap no-frills phone with answering system, but it s performed very poorly compared with the one I had previously. Specifically, 
Stay away from this one!!!!!. I bought this flash drive like a month ago and it stopped working just like that! One day I plugged it in a portatil hp 
Pain in the a !. Awesome concept, however I live in an apartment that doesn t have any south facing windows, so I was unable to get a signal. I 
These DVD-Rs suck. I used a 25 pack of these doing DVD backups, and the last 5 or so failed. I thought it was my software, so I got new 
Worked while it worked. I liked this machine while it worked, but I started having problems finalizing discs a bit ago. I got busy and suddenly the warranty was up, 
HORRIBLE. Period. I haven t even been using it for a week before it went bad. It is freezing on me right now as I type this review. It just 
Doesn t record for me, either. I m glad I m not the only one who s had this problem. My home recorder is a Pioneer, and until I bought 
over priced product. It wasn t worth the money that I payed for. It is a good radio if you have an external antenna. I would play it in the 
Careful - doesn t work with newer iPod with video. It wasn t clear from the packaging that this doesn t work with the newer iPods with video. I had 
Comfort not part of the comfortable price. I had to review this simply because it was not that great. The noice cancelling did its job, the sound quality was ok, 
Major quality control issues. Bought one of these at Sears and was initially happy with it. But after a couple weeks of light use, the battery refused to charge. So 
Didn t work well for me. My original remote for my t.v. broke. I bought this one to replace it and thought that if it would control at least as 
product flaw. This is the 2nd one of these we purchased in the last 18 months. This one began to skip after 2 weeks. The first one worked for over 
Good Sound...when it s working. While I am pleased with the quality of sound this system gives me, I am a little disappointed. I ve had this thing for a 
Not good enough by itself. I do not think suction cup mounts work very well. This one is no exception. While attaching and detaching my Garmin Nuvii is easy enough, 
buzzing sound. This product has a buzzing sound that never goes away. Audio quality is really poor. All of the extras don t mean anything if the sound is bad 
Mediocre. the first shipment i got, i promptly shipped back to amazon for an exchange because the left channel was simply dead with nothing coming out of it. once i 
Not smooth and feels cheap is cheap . Tilting the foot rest back and forth is not the easiest thing in the world. It s just cheap plastic rubbing on 
selfish. The reviews of the Selphy 710 are great, but I found the printer to be ridiculously inflexible and very difficult to find supplies for. And, by the way, when 
Drops connection constantly with encryption. I have a VERY nice, expensive Netgear WG302 wireless access point. Using this adapter on W2K to talk to it if any sort of encryption 
Too many bugs, No Tech Support. Save yourself a lot of frustration, don t buy this player  
Sound is not very good. My 2 year old son got this for Christmas last year and was initially very excited because he loves music. However the piano has a 
Well built, poorly suited. I purchased this game pad due to good reviews.Found it online for 15 with free shipping so had to try myself.Its true its built well and 
Sony D-FJ003 CD Walkman with AM FM Tuner Pink Purchased on 07 11 2005 . It s difficult to review a product that has not yet arrived!  
product didnt work right and company wouldnt back it up. Wouldnt buy from this bunch again. The product was given as a gift. My son took it home first week 
Trigger Finger triggers Nada. The Product itself feels solid enough. But that seems to be just an illusion. I tried getting Trigger Finger to work with Reason 3.0. I could 
Nice hardware - really bad drivers. Ever since I loaded the Targus drivers on my Tungsten C, the battery discharges quickly and won t take a full charge.I ve removed 
Rechargeable Battery?. I couldn t find a lower star than 1 so I had to give it a one.Tried charging it up a few times but couldn t get more 
Logitech mm32. I was hoping for a speaker unit I could use in a bus without a radio. It wasn t what I wanted, but their next generation Logitech mm50 
Haven t found one that works. I purchased a Creative Zen Vision this weekend from a local retailer. I plugged it in and the light came on indicating that it 
Cheap, unreliable piece of plastic. I had a need to be able to charge 14 AA batteries; I bought two of these, since they can each charge 8 at a 
Hughesnet Direcway Satellite customers BEWARE!. If you use either the DW6000 or DW7000 satellite modems and don t have a land-line telephone, DO NOT BUY TIVO! Despite what their website 
Uncomfortable strap. I bought these at a local store, but I took them back, because when you wear them, there is a strap that hugs tightly to your head and 
does what it s supposed to, but slows down typing. The Keyboard Protector fits very well on my MacBook, but in the end I got tired of how much slower 
 39 garbage. just got this installed today, and it was fine for maybe 3 minutes, now it just doesn t send anything. It goes back to the store in 
Not for Some Macs. This has never worked correctly on my 1GHz Mirrored Drive Door PowerMac, no matter which version of Mac OS X I ve used 10.3 - 10.4.9 
Cheap Price, Cheap Quality. Don t expect anything more than average because you get what you pay for.  
Didn t last 15 minutes. Within 15 minutes of first use it failed auto-scan and would only display: Service Required. I send it back to Amazon for a replacement  
You get what you pay for...................... I bought the least expensive CD player listed above.Seems to have a mind of its own...................while listening to it, the music will soften, then 
poorly made unstable. One of the screw treads came out of the box stripped and now the stand wobbles, i hope my key board does not fall  
Does Not Work on ALL DVD Players. First of all, the shipping on this item costs more than the item itself. I did get it quickly 2 or 3 days 
WARNING -Do not buy this turkey. The favorable reviews written elsewhere in here must be plants by Sony operatives, because my experience, sadly, replicates to the letter those described in 
Defective WRT54GX2 routers!. Although I ve had good success with other Linksys products in the past, the first WRT54GX2 I ordered had a dead Ethernet interface and had to be 
stupid HD av cables. yea so like i m sure the product would work if i had HD components but my problem was i bought it for my hd tv 
What a P.O.S.!. Terrible user interface - you must page through tons of cryptic menus to set basic features. Pulls multiple papers through, so you must start again. Is a 
Piece of Junk - dont buy. I purchased this cable thinking because it was a sony product that it would be as the TV s, how wrong I was. After 
very bad quality. I have only used this product for 3 days. The power suddenly turned off and can never be turned on again. I have to return it to 
beware, re- bate not honored!. i knew the cash back offer sounded too good to be true...and sure enough they rejected my upcs i kept copies only have hounding them 
Terrible interface and operability. I bought this receiver with a basic knowledge of how GPS works and how my PDA works.I have a Dell Axim x51. The GPS receiver program 
Junky sound, inferior to competition. I just bought these to compare to my pair of V20s, and they just suck in comparison.The Bass is non existent in comparison, and the 
The worst brand I ve tried. I ve got a LITE-ON DVDRW SOHW-1673S burner Revision JS02 in my fast G4 Mac running OS X Tiger and burning with Toast Titanium 
Is NOT supported on Vista. Note that Sansa provides no support for this player on Vista, even though as I write this in March Vista has been available to customers 
JWIN - Never WINS. First to start off, I would give it a -5 if i could! 1 star was the only lowest I can select ! I would never 
Buyer Beware!!. First of all let me say that I chose to purchase from Samsung because of the excellent service record according to other customers...believe me I read every review 
false advertising of prices. When we placed our order for the marine midland nautico handheld radios the price on the screen stated that the item price was 49.99 how ever 
A few fatal flaws. This product would have been the answer to all of my problems if it weren t for a few fatal flaws;1 It does not support multifunction 
Didn t last. I owned four different sets of NiMH AAs; this was the latest purchase and the first one to stop working. I do have decent chargers and never 
This product has gone down hill. I was very pleased with my first under the counter radio cd playerplayer. After three years the volume lower button wore out so I 
Will not work on a computer network setup as a domain. If you work at a company that logs onto a domain stay away from this product. You can only 
Beware when using with WPA-Enterprise. We bought this AP to use with WPA Enterprise using a radius server and basically, it dosen t work. At first we couldn t get 
don t buy. I Just bought a one anf tried in sacramento area.The sound quality is really bad. I tried all channels and tried to reduce the volume too. You 
Good for less than a day. They sounded great for the one day that they worked. I had a few problems getting them to fit in my ear correctly, but 
is not compatible with the equipment for which it was purchased. My need was for a mini SD card with the largest capacity available, for use in my smartphone. Researching 
Magellan MapSend Streets Europe Defunct. This product was discontinued in December 2000, according to the Magellan web site. I installed the product on Windows XP Professional, and discovered that the 
Some things dont cut it. This through the glass unit performed well enough for my needs as I am only looking for local traffic tie-up information of close-by autos....the problem 
Annoying; Bad quality. This transmitter requires me to remove the case from my iPod 5G. Even with the case removed the device doesn t fit snugly and works it way 
not a real value addition. Folks!! The very purpose of having a laptop gets defeated with this unnecessary add on. If you think you need this then better buy a 
Cute but crummy. I ve had a pair of really bulky 12 Sony headphones for years now. I hate the way they look but they fit and sound great. I 
Better Than No Antenna. I bought this antenna to replace the out of the box dipole antenna that came with my television. I live in an area that has only 
so sad. as you ve read previously, this is such a terrible drop in quality for Sony. i don t know what it was. i m guessing they re sacrificing 
Returned because it didn t fit. I can t figure out why, but it stuck out by alot on both sides of my screen. I have a HP Pavililion dv4000 
Not so good. When I print something in color it prints but it doesn t print the right color. It prints as if the color ink has run out. I 
shelves fall down. I was using this unit to hold CD cases, which I admit can be heavy. But if you say your product can hold 280 CDs, it should 
TOY from motorola. first, why does it say : BE THE FIRSTto REVIEW this item ?18 others reviewed it, i saw all thatand based on it, bot this item.sorry, but 
problems with springs and batteries. I bought this charger 11 months ago. It came with 4 Kodak 1850 mA NiMH batteries. After a few months of light use, the batteries 
re: Absolutely terrible. To celebrate the anniversary of our company, we thought we d give all employees a gift. Our Apple phobic IT guys nixed the Ipod as a choice, 
Reception is poor!. I had the model before this one and it had great radio reception. I got this one and everything is fuzzy. I am going to return it 
Great While It Lasted... I ve had my Micro for over a year now, and when it worked, I loved it! However, I m having the notorious ear phone jack 
OK - if they survive the shipment. The majority of my cases were damaged in shipping. I immediately threw away about eight, but as I tried to use the rest 
Inflation indeed!!!. I was about to buy this product yesterday, and the price jumped up yet again! from 49 to 72! I can understand a little inflation every now and 
Crap. This turned out to be a cheap piece of crap. It didn t even work right out of the box.I wanted a small AM radio and unfortunately this was 
Nice design, poor sound quality. I like the design of the headset. It is lightweight. The way the headset hangs to your ear might feel a little weird from time 
Does not work with digital phone from the cable company. I own the slightly older models, MD 760 and MD750. They don t work with my time warner cable digital 
service support problem. I am rating this unit one star due to an on-going service support problem I am experiencing with the unit. After a year of very light use, 
no record speed. Have used many types of dvd-r. This the only one I have found that didn t have a record speed encoded in it and was unusable. Tried 
Horrible quality. I was deeply disappointed for buying stuff from Memorex. Not a single DVD was usable in the pack. Never gonna buy anything from Memorex!  
Upconverter???. I bought this DVD wishing to improve the picture quality of my old dvd collection. I didn t notice anything when compare to my old 33 dvd. I don 
Not helpful at all!. We moved to Budapest and will travel to other countries, so we wanted something that could help us in several European countries. I didn t expect 
DEFECTIVE DEVICE. THIS DEVISE WAS DEFECTIVE. IT GOT VERY HOT WHEN PLUGGED IN TO LIGHTER. I was lucky to discover this problem before there was a fire. I threw it 
most frustrating tuner ever. This tuner does not function properly. It jumps all over the board from A to F to G and the dots in the middle in one 
2 new units break down within 30 days - Lemons or bad products?. My job requires a KVM switch for QA purposes to test different OS browser combinations. In building 
memory problems. This Kingston memory isn t recognized by my computer which is only about a year and a half old. I went and used SimpleTech memory instead which works 
Piece of JUNK!!!. Though I rated it 1 star, I d give it none if that were an option.I really don t like to write negative reviews, but I feel 
NO BATTERY BACK UP!!. We bought this clock radio, got it home, set it up, realized that it didn t have battery back up, called Sony only to find out 
Never used product. I m sure this item would have received a 5 star rating if I had used it; I have found Samsung products to be very good. I 
nice, if you can stand the buzz. For the size and power level, these speakers sound quite nice. But it seems as though they are not properly shielded. They produce 
Sony RM-AX4000. This is a poorly designed remote. I have six devices connected to my HD television set. The software depends on the user assigning positions to the various inputs 
Broke in under 24 hours. I watched 1 DVD on this before the on-unit display quit working. It now just shows random pixels that blink in odd patterns. It also 
One significant design flaw. If you are looking for an IPod alarm system this is your machine. The reviewer comments about good sound quality are on the mark. But it 
Loud and wavy. I returned my Banshee stereo. It sure was loud, however the music seemed to wave in and out. You cannot charge your iPOD either. There is no 
Not up to expectations. I recently purchased the Receptor HD. Out of the box it was a fairly complex set-up. The antennas are totally inadequate. I am 10 miles across 
Okay, but decided to return for something better. This machine was okay, but I thought I could do better for my money. The noise of the disk running was so 
Absolute Junk. I purchased this model around 6 months ago, and the problems continue every day. This machine won t fax multiple pages...instead it likes to pull the whole 5 
On Off inaccessible. I agree with the previous reviewer - the belt clip works fine overall. However, I dinged the product way more b c you have to remove it 
Will not fit all outlets. This unit will not fit all lighter sockets. I ve been unable to get the unit to work at all in my wife s Saab 
Panasonic desk phone. Disaster. Supposed to work in conjunction with cordless phone extensions but WILL NOT work with other desk phones! It ONLY works with cordless phones. I wanted a 
Innovative product with fatal drawbacks. The Linksys WPSM54G is sold on-line only as of spring, 2007. It is an innovative product, providing bidirectional support to multifunction printers that also include 
Unhappy with Logitech Customer Support. Issue solved! I returned the Harmony for a full refund. All thanks to my experience with your wonderful support team. After screwing up everything on 
Does not keep programming & LOW BATTERY LIFE. I bought the 688 for its price and Logitech name. Customer service was good. I bought it in April 2006 so I 
Staisfactory Labels, Buggy Software. The labels are fine and dandy, but the software that comes with them is horrid. Not only did the calibration page not print, but there is 
do not buy. This shredder is ok if you have 3 sheets to shred once a week. You cannot shred sheet repeatedly. It clogs up and is very hard to 
Beware the shipping costs. I thought this would be a great buy, but the shipping costs make it more expensive than best buy. Screw that  
Simply stopped working... I bought it about a year and a half ago and experienced the same problem as the previouds guy. I did not have ANY problems with it 
Someone must make a better one. Impossible to get even most of the air bubbles out. Poor fit the back cover only covers about 80 and getting the front to 
Pass on this piece of junk... Shortly after buying this DVD player, it stopped working. Was not able to fix the problem and attempted to contact the manufacturer for repair 
Utter Garbage. Warning: This unit has flaws that can render it useless.My intention was to share my DVI monitor with my USB keyboard and mouse between my PC and Mac. 
Where is it?. They re ink tanks, so not much to say. But I purchased them on 07 04 2006 and as of one month later...no delivery. Amazon seems to 
Lived good for a year before starting its slow death. Year 1 was good. Can t complain too much about it considering the price. Then started year two. I have 
expensive coasters. I too bought these after not finding spindles of the Verbatim DL. A few work, but only a very few. I have an NEC recorder which works completely 
Great service if you never plan on canceling. I have been a subscriber for 4 years. Back in November my account was turned off due to a billing issue. The 
does not work. i can not get it to work. i have e-mailed and asked for help with no response. so i guess i will be returning it. if i 
worked great at first...... When I purchased these batteries, I was very pleased, but that wore off after a couple of months. I don t use my camera all that 
Absolute Garbage. Run from Linksys - this product is garbage and as stated in other reviews not compatible with some HP printers. It took me 3 hours on the phone 
Worthless!!!. I bought the ADS upconverter because I bought a HDTV only to find out that my cable co. didn t offer HDTV and after 3 failed attempts to switch 
WARNING. I had no problems burning to these discs, its when I went back a few months later to these discs and found out that none of them work anymore. 
This product is ABSOLUTELY W O R T H L E S S ! ! !. I bought this unit to use in Beverly Hills. The house has a direct 
Do not buy this camera. I m a software developer - believe me when I say - do not buy this camera. It freezes up constantly, loses its wireless grip, 
Disappointed, Does not work half the time.... I bought this as a preacher and a speaker to digitally record my messages. It has a niche in the back that you 
Worked well for 10 days !!. Phone looked good and worked well for 10 days. Then it stopped working completely. Currently trying to return it. I would look for an 
Lousy Range. Other reviews fairly reflected my feelings about the system. My complaint is the range from the base set to the handset. I live in a fairly large townhome. 
Avoid this junk. Now I see why this thing was only 20 retail. Its a piece of junk. It takes forever to connect to a router that is only 10 
Feeds more than one sheet at a time. I think the most frustrating thing about a fax machine, is when you put your four or five page fax into the 
Died after 6 months. Purchased Cobra 75 WX ST All-in-handset Mobile CB about 1 year ago. Easy installation, up-front controls, very convenient. Six months after installation speaker in mike failed, 
Terk Sirius antenna. Purchased a total of 20 of these.I previously sold the American International brand Sirius antenna but there was a temporary shortage in the market.Four of the twenty 
NO GOOD!. I have used this type of inexpensive wireless mic before and the others I tried had much better sensitivity. You have to touch this mic with your lips 
Dissapointing unit from Sony. I was actually looking forward to be using this unit since my DVD collection grew to over 600 DVDs and figured keeping most of them or 
Not really a network printer for Macs. I can t speak to how well it functions as a network printer for Windows users or as a local printer. When I 
What a ripoff!. I bought this card for my TJ25, supposedly a supported device. But the problems with this card make it nearly useless:- It comes with a web browser 
EHH...IT S OKAY...DON T REALLY RECOMMEND BUYING IT!!!. Sound quality is good but I really don t like the style...It is smaller than you d expect it to be, because 
Software broken, not supported. The materials appear to be of a good quality, not that I d know. The software that comes with it to print hasn t been updated 
This won t fix the Cd s, it will ruin them. This kit is absolutely horrible.First off, the scratch-free cloths it comes with aren t scratch-free at all. They totally 
Electrronic devicecame with no chord. Couldn t use an electronic device without a chord, Big hasse  
Horribly designed!. Possibly the worst design for an armband. A fifth-grader could make a better armband with felt, velcro, scissors and some thread. Not only can you not see the 
EMARTBUY = INCOMPETENCE. It s been over 19 days since my SanDisk 512MB Transflash card was shipped from EMARTBUY and I still have not received my order. When I contacted 
Lexar Media 2.0 doesn t deliver!. The Lexar Media 2.0 cannot function smoothly with a one gigabyte card from Olympus. The help site explains how, with my Mac, I can 
Delay in shipment of paperwork. Although I have not had the need to use the warranty, the vendor was asked on 3 different occassions to send the contract. This was 
Total garbage. At least for my Sony DVD burner in my Powermac. Completely unrecognized and bloody difficult to get out of the machine without a reboot  
Broken In Six Months. I am 31 years old, every game system i ever bought still works and I still regularly use the first ever DVD player and VCR i 
So-so. I bought the iHome so that I could choose which songs to wake up to off of my iPod, and it worked well when it actually WORKED.After being very 
OK product. Could have been better and simpler. The product has far too complicated setup process. The product itself worked well enough after all the steps in the setup.  
Poor range. 300-500 yards under the best conditions. Given its heft, a waste of mone  
poor, very poor. they really do suck. with many portable speakers in the 20-40 range that sound pretty good these should fall in the five dollar range. dont bother  
DO NOT GET THIS IF YOU ARE RUNNING MIXED MODE. HERE IS SOME USEFULL INFO I FOUNDfirst D-Link makes some great stuff but the D-Link DGS-2208 is not one of 
FM direct adapter equals great sound. I originally purchased the adapter for my Roadie 2 which I returned , but I am now using it with my Xpress. No sound 
Could be much better. This item no longer comes in a traditional 3 ring binder style. The current style makes it difficult to remove single pages from the middle or 
Also Disappointed. I purchased this Boombox over a year and a half ago. What I do like about is that it was hard to find a boombox with a remote 
Great Idea -- Bad Execution!. The Good:When I first heard about this board I was incredibly excited. I have been playing BF2 Battlefield 2 for almost a year now and 
Flimsy product. Its made of flimsy plastic, and all the parts snap on. I m afraid to put a heavy book on there, because I m sure the parts will 
Worthless Piece of Trash. A friend bought one of these and used in on my computer for a presentation. It worked...once...and that was it. I bought the same thing and 
Honeywell TE219ELW Weathertime Wireless Indoor Outdoor Thermometer with Atomic Clock. I was initially satisfied but now it is essentially not working. FirstI lost the remote temp and now the main 
For gadget loving fools. I bought this, I m SO SO Sorry.It looks nice, but so hard to use that we ended using the old remotes. You just can t 
Hope this is a mistake. I previously had a black version and I lost them. They were pretty much what everyone else says about them. This pair was a joke. 
Pros and cons. Here are my pros and cons. Hope this helps.Pros:- Nice thing was that it is quite easy to attach or detach. You don t really need other 
You HAVE to use their software. You HAVE to use their lousy SonicStage software to transfer songs to it.That is just stupid. Well, not just stupid, arrogant also.I was attracted 
SHORT BULB LIFE. I ve had the X2 for roughly 14 months. The X2 was used for watching movies about once every 2 weeks and big sports event NCAA NFL 
A real fraud. I was browsing for 2-way radios in a store and this set caught my eyes because they use Li-ion batteries. Most other radios use the older NiMH 
Good design, Bad implimentation. I was initially impressed with small cool design and digital display of the Sony NW-E005 until I received mine. Unlike every other USB hard drive with 
Nice design but not more... The telephone design is very nice but the batteries last no more than 30 - 40 minutes of speaking. Without speaking the batteries go dead 
You get what you pay for. I got the Sharp Wizard because I just wanted a simple way to organize my calendar and to-do list without spending tons of money 
Initial Set up. The unit requires registration and an authorization number from the manufacture before maps can be loaded into the compact flash card. This requires determining the CF card 
worked on 1 port. was happy to recieve this RCA VH915...but when i hooked it up..it worked on 1 port..no matter how i switched the wires..I am returning it to 
It doesn t work for me. I am trying to get this to work for the last 2 weeks ... unfortunately without success. I bought the bundle #3 Bluelogger & 
Great form factor, but dead slow. I wanted to replace a Lexar 1GB with this, but I ll keep looking. I used it to transfer a 700MB, 2300 file My 
Pretty upsetting DVD recorder. I recently purchased this DVD recorder from Best Buy. It was an open item so I got it for a good deal. Initially after I set 
Didn t work as expected. I purchased this item to power a passive sub-woofer I own. Prior to buying it, I described what I was hoping to accomplish to the 
Remote Commander Rip-Off. This product will not program any TV or cable box in the house. I have been using universal remotes for many years, so I know what I 
panasonic cordless phone. Big disappointment. Unlike previous Panasonic phones that have always been slightly ahead of their time this phone is difficult to use and there are too many steps 
Batteries are supposed to be standardized. I have two Ni-MH chargers and sony batteries won t charge in them. They probably use some proprietary technology to prevent using other brand 
Junk. I read a few reviews elsewhere that said this thing just stopped working after a week. Of course I didn t believe them and bought it anyway. Well, it 
cable connector failed after 6 months. When it worked it was really very good.But, after 6 months, the usb cable or the cable connector in the device failed. It can 
horrible. these are by far the worst headphones i have ever bought. I did not know they could make headphones whith such horrible sound quality. They also feel like they 
Waste of money. I just ran my first and last cd through the Scratch repair system and it made the disk look worse than when I started. Didn t take 
Horrible drives. Out of character for Western Digital. Purchased three of these drives for a special project where we had to have three copies of large amount of data. Cleanly 
Do NOT purchase from JVC!!. This DVD player completely zotted out under the 90 day warrenty. JVC has absolutely the worst repair and customer service imaginable! We took it into 
People can t hear me. I got this about a year ago. People complain they can t hear me unless I talk really loud. The other phone in our house 
JVC used to be reliable - not any more : . Pros: it s prettyCons: it s garbageSure wished I had checked here at Amazaon before I bought this - 
Nice idea ... technology is too new ... wait on this purchase. The concept is nice ... 802.11g camera. However there are some fundamental flaws with the design.The streaming of 
i agree, they SUCK!!. right now i can t even get my burner to open because one of these dvd s is in it, caused an error while burning... now, 
Didn t work for me. I tried to install the driver on my computer.The computer went into a loop, just booting, shutting down, and rebooting. I was able to get 
Ditto what most have said -- don t buy this. I can t tell you what you might want to buy, but it shouldn t be this unit. I ve 
It is a Money Drainer!. STRENGTHS:Canon printing and scanning quality; reliable; prints photos directly from camera; can make copies as stand-alone copier without being connected to PC.WEAKNESSES:Tiny ink cartridges run 
cd player stopped reading discs. I purchased in Sept 05 and have enjoyed it for 1.5 years -- but suddenly it stopped reading cds. I put the cd into it 
It s ok.. Not a bad little unit... wish it remembered where you were on the CD when you turn it off like other units I m used to especially 
Creative Zen Nano. Low quality, and poor product support from Creative. Very disappointed with this product. It worked for about 6 months of light use, then quit working turned off 
Not really anti-glare. I purchased this because I was looking for an anti-glare screen for my laptop so that I could work outside in the daylight. I thought the privacy 
Here are the facts. I saw, ordered, tried it, and returned it. I d say more, but the product isn t worth it  
Why No USB Cable. I am really not able to understand what is this cheap kind of strategy not to provide USB cable with this product, especially when thats the 
Slow and Unreliable. The 2.0 GB SanDisk Cruzer Micro flash drive looked like a good deal when I saw it on display at Office Depot. It was roomy enough for 
Good if you can program it. I struggled for days with this. A big problem is the lack of feedback e.g. led flash when you enter codes, select device, etc.If 
Another example of Sony s failure to keep in touch with consumers. The bean is small, battery efficient, and has a nice overall look to it. Thats probably the only 
Not Mitsubishi Chemical Corp media. I just got a spindle of these with the same part number from CompusaBusiness. They are not MCC dye, they are CMC Magnetics Corp dye 
Product changed for the worse. I had two of these VR-1 units and they worked great for my application.I bought a third VR-1 about a month ago and right out 
Audio, excellent; but wire lifetime, 3 months at most. There is no question that the audio part of this device works well; but what use is it if the wire 
All delome products. Designed obsolescence is the word that best discribes Delorme No support!!!!!!!!!  
TINSTAAFL. No free lunch & you get what you pay for...is that the verdict on this product?Well, the poor rating given by those who have purchased this product has discouraged 
Very poor. Recieved this item and only turned it on twice, everything seemed to work fine and sounded great, when I tried to tuen system back on doesn t seem 
Save your money.... I bought this Bose system thinking it would sound like a Bose system I had befor but it does not. I hooked this up to my 52 
Wonderful stopwatch. Lets face it, you re not buying the Nike ipod for its stopwatch feature, you re buying it for all the other wonderful calculations that it can do. 
completely cosmetic, not functional. The dock only allows you to stand your ipod up while charging. The same charging cable must be used, and the 40 dock doesnt even come 
The worst online experience of my life. The ad and description clearly state that it includes both a receiver and transmitter. I received only a receiver. This is false advertising 
Great service if you never plan on canceling. I have been a subscriber for 4 years. Back in November my account was turned off due to a billing issue. The 
If I could enter fewer than 1 stars, I would. I have a small CPA office. I bought one HL-5140 in January and another one last week. The first one 
CMC disks are crap. I would avoid these discs. I have been using these discs for some time doing backups. Recently, I ve had a few problems and decided to 
Dead on arrival. I will never buy a brand new product release from Linksys again. Their Q.C. stinks. I am on the third WRT54GX4 router and it is the first 
Ugh!. I received this drum set as a quieter alternative to my acoustic set so that I could practice while in my apartment at college. The first thing that put 
GR SANYO rechargeable batteries. I have only had the batteries for a short time, but they are working great. I have recharged all three sets 4 per set three times 
Warning Does not work with all printers. After spending hours trying to get this to print, and searching their support site. I finally did a search on their forums for 
Don t waste your money. This remote is so hard to use and setup. The Xpress functions don t work properly and when used switches to different inputs each time. 
Died after 3 months of moderate use. Mine gave errors on all ink carts at once my second of each cart, all real epson ink, all far from empty after 
Terrible Sound. I gave this as a Christmas gift. I was asked to see if there was something wrong with it because the sound was awful. Every channel on the 
More flash than substance. This is the 3rd GPS unit I have owned and I am a bit disappointed. First off, the intergrated traffic monitoring means that the unit is 
Does not work with palm easily. Did not work with my Palm T|C right away.I ve not used this for any other purpose. I expect either Palm or SD to 
Nice but not durable. This is a recorder with many nice features but mine lasted only a few dozen hours but did make it beyond the very short warrenty . 
worked WORSE than built-in, plus its utlity crashed a lot. Like another reviewer below, I got it because it claimed it would increase the range over the not-particularly-directional antenna inside 
crappy mouse. Doesn t work on my mac laptop cursor keeps bouncing around and getting stuck . NOT usable! Did not have the same prob w Microsoft Wheel Mouse. Get 
Great sound, horrible DVD. The sound on this system is really fantastic for the price, but I ve had the same experience as the other reviewer. The DVD skips constantly, 
Did not work for me. Based on the reviews of this product, I purchased it. Sadly, I have now returned it.The pen simply could not recognize my handwriting. I went 
Began to break down and short circuit after a few years. I own this product and it worked great when I first bought it. After a few years, the side 
very disappointed. UPDATED REVIEWMine died 35 days after I bought it. The retail store thankfully made good on it. Second one performs slightly better. Overheats QUICKLY witha 1 gig card, 
dissapointing. I record dvd movies as a hobby and am always looking for better media, software etc.- I d been using Ridata for some time w next to no coasters 
Poor quality. We purchased two of these multifunction machines for two separate offices. While the brother has many capabilities, including SCAN-to-Email, file and PDF. Quality problems greatly hender its performance.Scanning 
they sound as cheap as they are. I couldn t tell whether the phones were any good because the housing made the headphones sound like I was listening inside a 
Okay, I guess... While the silicon used in the construction of the sleeve is very nice feels grippy but not sticky if you know what I mean , some of 
Palm Pack Productivity. This is pretty much a useless waste of an SD card. The little programs on it are of not much use. All of them can be downloaded 
Very bad purchase!!!!!!!!!!. Very bad purchase, I buy new DVD Panasonic in Amazon and when I arrive the reader from DVD not read any disc, none! i buys by Internet 
Pathetic, doesn t work, waste of money. Beware of this product. It always freezes up half way though the download when transfering photos to my computer. I have another USB 
Worked for 1 year, but I am trying a Logitech now. I had to buy a new one, and I chose another brand Logitech this time.There is no On Off 
LOOKOUT: It doesn t work with IBM. I ve used KVMs over the years and this is the first one I ve seen that doesn t work with IBM PCs. 
dont buy not worth a cent. got it at walmart can t even remove a scuff. i give it -100 good thing i could return it  
not exactly match fit for the gen 2 nano. This thing was slipping and sliding all over the place and I constantly had to readjust in so the functions were 
Terk HDtv Antenna Amplified. Bought this antenna 2 weeks ago. High hopes. Clearly defective! After climbing all over the roof to install, it brought in no stations. Put tiny bow 
Wasn t worth it. This antenna does not give me any better signal than the one that came with my radio...not worth the money  
Badly article. At the outset it worked very well. To the few months the pencil failure. Now single use mouse. But sometimes it works very badly. He is very annoying. 
Very expensive and poor quality, better off with 5 USB charger. I travel a lot, especially to Europe, and hate taking lots of cables with me for the Vonage, router, 
Don t waste your time money. I purchased this because I have to do a lot of math online and was hoping I could use this for that purpose. Also 
Will the buzzing stop???. I bought these today so that I could review an mp3 presentation. As soon as I put the headphone on I wanted to take them back! 
Inexpensive, but not reliable. I used to like my Viking 512MB CF card a lot. I had such a card for more than a year. In that period, I used 
Machspeed Trio 2GB mp3 player. I was very unhappy with the mp3 player. I got my music to download onto just once and every other time it said that the 
WORST HEADPHONES EVER. These headphones bang into your head with the music... I guess that might be cool, but the sound fades in and out and you look like a 
waste of money. i was using the tape player for my ipod. but since i got a new car which did not have a tape deck, i was forced to 
Bad item. I do not like this item because it says it is a 16x DVD but when I put it in my burner it only reads it as 4x. 
DO NOT BUY !!!. I bought my X5 in early October of 2005 and after about 6 months its been nothing but problems. In under a year I have sent 
A few problems... This looked like the perfect solution for using my iPod Video in my car for extended periods, however, this was not to be the case. The first 
FALSE Description. I bought this television from Amazon. Twice. Both times Amazon sent the wrong t.v. The reason is because this television does not exist. If you don t believe 
Great for transfers, not so great for editing and recording. As other reviewers have noted, this unit at long last allows for the ability to transfer any minidisc to the 
Zune Premium Earphones. The earphones are good quality and have a very good sound quality but they are uncomfortable and keep on dropping out of my ear. They are too 
Comparing Recepter Radio HD with Sangean HDR-1. de K0UNX. I know radios.I purchased the Recepter Radio HD a year ago, used it for a weekend and returned it immediately. Even 
Be careful purchasing from J&R Music and Computer World. I purchased 4x-12x speed rw CDROM and they sent me 24X. I called them and they have no stock - instead 
You get what you pay for. Pros: CheapCons: Bad video quality. Moving diagonal lines are clearly visible  
nice cd player bad radio reception. Just bought and will now be returning this item. Cd sound is good but it can t get high powered radio stations clearly. It 
This is crap!. Did not do what it says it does. Only thing this does is remove large scratches. No matter how many times you put this stuff on the 
Requires USB cable in order to use this. Looking at the photo of this item, I noticed the plug at the end of this car lighter charger is NOT the 
Having Problems!. When trying to download information to the Ipod, I keep getting error messages reading Ipod is corrupt and it asks me to restore the Ipod. Sometimes the software 
Not compatible with Cisco VPN software. The bummer about this software, and other reviewers tend to agree, is it s so buggy. Installation and configuration are easy, but diagnosing connection 
Don t buy this keyboard. I wish I d read the other reviews. The keyboard remains on and drains your batteries 24 7 365. There is no on off switch. 
Works great unless you have wireless internet!. Our wireless internet causes this to sputter greatly if you use a laptop anywhere in the vicinity.Also, our Nintendo Wii has a built 
Does not Work!!!. Bought two since they were so inexpensive. Neither recharged my Zen Micro even after a full day! Don t waste your money  
Very poor am receiption on sangear WR-2. I am returning my second Sangean WR-2 radio. I reordered because I did not believe that a radio that cost that much could 
Great printer, unless you re using Vista. I like this printer a lot and would probably have given it 5 stars, but it gets a major demerit thanks to the 
DON T BUY INFOCUS!!!!!! 1 STAR MINUS!!. I have to rate this product and this company as horrible!!I purchased the X2 in 12 2004. Everything was fine. In 6 2005, 
does not work!!. With a full charge it does not last more than 10min, could not take more than more 15 pics in my camera Canon Pro1. The original battery 
Works great... just dont connect it to your computer. I have done a lot of research on GPS devices and TomTom One appeared to have more bang for the buck 
Cheap and noisy. Obviously, it s cheap. But I ve had mine over a year now.... no it hasn t failed, but it does scare me. besides the plastic cracking, 
read the terms and condition pdf. I bought this thinking Failures due to normal wear and tear , which is checked on the checklist of items covered on the overview 
Be careful when purchasing!!!!. I bought this for my computer, and it is useless. The unit does not have enough power to provide back up power to my machine. Be 
Plastic body does not support large antenna. As soon as I received this radio I tried it out by turning it on and pulling the built in antenna up. The 
Poor Customer Service. The player itself is ok but the customer service and support at Samsung is the worst I have ever been through. After 5 phone calls, 10 disconnects, 
Dead. My player was 32 Days old and it Died. It will not Start. When I turn it on it just sits at the initilize screen and will not go 
Great MP3, When it Works. I ve had this MP3 since Xmas 05. It gave me trouble initially then the problem went away. Since July it hasn t worked for 
Headphones Not What I Expected. These headphones do not work! The only sound I have heard so far is static. I do not recommend this to anyone and I plan 
Vonage Yes - VTech No!. I ve had vonage for a couple of years and it works great! I live in a suburban area with great utility wiring and maintenance 
Does a good CD Binder exists?. I have noticed that CD binders detachable pages is never as good as a CD wallet non-detachable pages . The problem with CD binders 
Never worked. I bought this product with great hopes for making my house wireless, but it never worked. After I made sure that I followed the directions properly, I called 
Not for the eTrex series. Please be aware of an important issue with this cable, even though it is recommended for the eTrex GPS series it will not fit their 
BAD. Amazon should let us give 0 stars too :DI paid 43 for it brand new from a place that will accept returns. I m returning it.It is the only 
Buy it if you want to BETA test it! Pathetic to program!!. I was anxious about this remote when it hit the market. I was waiting monthes to buy it 
Antenna doesn t meet expectations. The Antenna does not appear to add any range whatsoever to my wireless network. I still can t get reception more than 40 ft. away. 
Total garbage. At least for my Sony DVD burner in my Powermac. Completely unrecognized and bloody difficult to get out of the machine without a reboot  
work ok but with some bugs. I got this player from Wal-Mart for about 72 after tax. I like the long battery live, I didn t have to change the 
Great while it lasted... I bought this mouse eight months ago and was quite satisfied - until last week when it stopped functioning altogether. I really expected a better product 
Operations Support Analyst. This is an excellent item for anyone on-the-go who has an iPOD Nano. No longer do you need to carry those cumbersome CD s around or get 
Bad quality USB speakerphone. This is a USB speakerphone of the worst quality I ve ever seen. The sound quality is bad. My partner can hardly hear what I said. 
Belt clip ripped off. This carrying case worked well for me until I jumped in my car and the case caught on the door frame and the belt clip ripped 
Cheap-go with something with a little more quality. This is a very CHEAP player. I bought 2- one for my wife and 1 for myself. the faceplates of both broke 
Failed, complained about not enough power, needed resets. This just didn t work reliably. Devices compalined that it was underpowered even when I plugged in the power cord. Often had 
Print Quality Poor. I am on my second R1800 printer...and still the print quality is very, very poor!! It took at least 4 months with multiple, multiple phone calls and 
worked well for a year, then died!. The card was cheap but you get what you pay for. After working well for a year, it no longer works and is 
Poor quality, wouldn t recommend. I thought that maybe we had a bad experience with this because our kids are only ages 3 and 4 when they got it. It 
Buyer beware - it breaks. I initially bought this because it had a 5 star rating at the time though few had rated it . It worked great for a 
Short distance remote. The remote works quite well and is easy to use. BUT, I m getting a range of 8-9 feet with no barriers, less with physical barriers. I 
worked well the first time, after that..... when i first plugged the cable to the pc - so it will be recognized-, it worked well... but after restart i don 
In the End, It s a Typical Microsoft Mouse... I was a bit hesitant to order this mouse in the first place, as every Microsoft mouse I have ever used 
SanDisk Memory Card. I bought the 4 GB Memory Card. I was a little disappointed because when I put the card into my camera,the camera gave me an error message 
The Mapless GPS Unit. I d recommend waiting 6 months to see if Magellan produces Topo Maps and map updates. There are nice features, but without maps it is just 
RIP OFF. According to company literature, this device supports 5G iPod with Video . After receiving it as a gift, however, I have since learned that it does NOT support 
Avoid the freeze up. This product replaces a 5 gig Creative Micro which had a hard drive and broke at 1 year after a minor drop. The Zen V is 
not GigaRange... drops calls from next room. Returned it, the phone kept dropping calls from the other side of the house, and some times from the next room, no reception 
QUITE POSSIBLY THE WORST MOUSE IN THE HISTORY OF ALL MICE!!!!!. DO NOT BUY THIS MOUSE!This mouse has given me nothing but frustration.1. The front of the mouse where the 
Amazing, how do you screw up something this simple. I paid one cent for it, figured why not. I had the exact same experience as the other guy. Works fine 
works for a day or 2. Hi. I bought this product expect a bright laser because of other reviews. Not only was this laser bright, it hurt my eyes to 
Linksys Printserver. Ordered this device to add a wireless network printer connection. After 1 hour with customer service, I was told that the item was defective, Linkys would replace it, 
Huge Disappointment. I bought my 52 Aquos in late February. It worked great for the first month. The picture was fabulous, especially when watching PS3 Blu-Ray movies. Shortly thereafter it 
worked for about a day. I purchased these batteries to use in my automatic car door locks and they worked for about a day. I tried to use them in 
Don t buy it!. We purchased this two years ago for the same price and have felt ripped off ever since. I can t believe it is still on the 
disappointed user. I have had the Lexar sport drive for 2 years and loved it. easy to use and worked like a charm until a few months ago, when I 
Data clears with battery change. Each time you replace the battery you have to reload all of your data. Don t waste your money on this one  
DON T BUY THIS. Every other negative review here is accurate. The video connection is horrible. The mouse runs on a delay of 1-2 seconds and is unacceptable. Try the 
Didn t do a thing for my TV!. This product didn t make a difference in the volume control on my television!  
Piece of a Junk for 82.00. It is only good for pc to pc calls via messenger. In other words, use this as a wireless headphone mic. It does that 
Zero Support. This is my third Asus mother board. All were great, manual was excellent and email support was swift. Now all of these reasons to buy asus are missing. 
Great but Hard to get use to. The Z-Board is great. But If you are playing Battlefield 2 and then switch to the ZBoard you are in a fix. The 
Purchase did not go well!. I did not receive anything from the service plan provider! When I enquired I was told that they would send out the extended service items 
Does not play an ipod. What is the use of a USB port if it won t play the Ipod. Also, the speaker wires aren t long enough  
Flimsy product. Its made of flimsy plastic, and all the parts snap on. I m afraid to put a heavy book on there, because I m sure the parts will 
Waste of Money. I called Sony and explained that my laptop was running through a battery before I could complete my workload. They said purchase the extended life battery and 
Extremely disappointed. DON T WASTE YOUR MONEY! I have Directv with HD 5 LNB and the signal was low. Signal was less than 60 for some of the transponder signals 
Only lasted a few months. This worked fine at first but after a few months, the charger could not hold the AAA batteries in place. The spring mechanisms failed for 
Chinese made Junk - save your money!. I was tempted by the cheap price and got myself a 10 pack. They are rated at 2000 mAh, but run out of 
Not too great. These actually left my screen dirtier than I started with. It left behind annoying streaks and film which I ultimately ended up having to clean off with 
A RIP OFF!. I have had to replace my Audiovox DVD Player twice! The first time was because the sensor was not reading the DVD; the second was because the 
Stay Away - this does not work with my MacBook Pro 15 . I have to say I am very unimpressed by the support from Belkin on this product. It 
Get a 2G!. Why would you want this item? Amazon is charging 50 MORE on this item than the 2nd Generation Shuffle! And, according to what I have read, THIS 
Broken. Well I got these headphones and connected them and realized when it played the front center channel i only got sound from the front left speaker. Then the rear 
Great TV, when it worked. My problem is not with the TV, it was fantastic when it worked. But 36 days into owning it, the picture went out completely and 
Save your money. The chiller doesnt get it a bit cold. Feels like a fan blowing air at it. Wish they made it better as it is a great idea... 
Useless!. Very disappointing! I was hoping I could at least get one or two viewable network affiliate VHF stations. Instead, the best the antenna could pull in was color-enhanced snow 
This is a usless product. It was easy to install but that is where the good points end.To make this device work, I can not be farther away from the 
Are these headphones or a PC modem dialing up??. Ok, I was ecstatic when I first thought about getting wireless headphones. I mean the idea is perfect, is it not? 
A fancy but mis-cued fashion statement for a tuner. The large circular knob should be the tuner, which I expected it to be. Instead it is the volume control. That 
Don t buy unless you want to lose valuable pictures. I purchased this card about 6 months ago and it was working fine. But recently I just took a very 
Interference. I bought this cable, but it suffered from an unacceptable amount of interference. Faint green and purple rolling bands ruined my picture. Replacing it with a shorter cable fixed 
this companion is lacking... I have an iPaq PDA and I own a TomTom GPS -- both of which work well. This combo iPaq TomTom is in the rough and 
Don t Buy This Printer. I just GLADLY replaced this printer. This was not a good all-in-one printer experience for my husband and I. The plastic parts were cheap and 
Good wrist support but doesn t last. I m on my second one of these, and it does provide good wrist support and help diminish the pain I would experience 
Compact but otherwise basic and unimpressive... I received this as a Christmas gift and while it s compact, there are a couple of major flaws. The power button is the 
Horrible. I received this player as a gift, and although I tried to not be too judgmental, the first view of the player was nothing other than repulsive. The minute 
Lame remote for iHome. The buttons don t have that clicky button feel, so you press and you re like did it go? ... The labels are hard to read, 
Batteries Not Included. I purchased this phone and had it shipped directly to my elderly father in another state. The description never indicated batteries were required and it did not 
Nonfunctional. Do not be duped by this hoax. The product came in a box that looked like a xerox copy of the real thing and the product did not function 
Horrible product. Klear screen has to be the absolute worst product I ve ever used. It has nearly ruined my 2001fp. I was stupid and used it on my primary 
does not work. worked for a month on and off and now doesent work at all.  
Laser dies quickly just like the VP4300. This was the second atempt to try the Interlink Remote after disappointed with the VP4300. It had almost the identical problem as the 
Hard To See Post Code Output, Poor Documentation, Overpriced. This PCI Post Card is barely acceptable. I bought this unit because time was very short for me. I needed to 
Don t Every Waster your money. I purchased Gigbit 3COM 3824...Extermely Bad on Gigabit...Many Errors with applications...Exchange Server, Remote Desktop, Loop In Network, Ultimately replaced it with LINKSYS...Much cheaper..but excellent 
Beware. I bought this HD because my Lacie which had lasted over 5 years crashed on me finally. So I figured I would try a different company. Out of the 
Disappointed. I purchased this flash card in June for my GPS memory. Loaded fine, but only lasted 3 months. Card lost all it s memory and was unable to take 
Works as good as their software!. I ve been a BIG fan of MS keyboards and mice for years now, and the Desktop 7000 is the first huge disappointment. I 
Telephone Compatibility. This unit is not compatible with the Sprint PPC 6700 as posted above! Make sure you call Pioneer with your telephone model number for compatibility. I tried the 
Expensive JUNK !! Horrible Reception.. My 10 dollar portable Panasonic radio has BETTER and Clearer reception than this overpriced crap. Even if the radio is by my window , reception 
Low rating due to unlock process and poor customer service. I ve owned the new V.3 product for over a week and have still not been able to unlock it 
Not very good range. I bought this hoping for a greater range and was not happy with it. I returned it because every time I used my 2.4G cordless phone 
horrible product. i got this product after 16 days of ordering... hasn t worked right since i bought it... doesn t play majority of my DVD s and quits half 
For old computers only. I did not notice in the product description that this product interfaces to the SERIAL port on a computer. Since most new computers use USB for 
Why?...Koss They Suck!. Check it, So I got my new headphones I had been waiting 2 weeks free shipping deal for and when I opened the box, I was like, 
Beware of this battery. I purchased this battery as a replacement for the original battery in my cordless telephone. Although I fully charged the battery upon arrival, it will not 
DON T BUY THIS !!!!. This is basically a 1 8 male to RCA cable for 73; you could get the same exact cable for 5.99 at Radio Shack. Yeah 
Sent it back. I had to send this item back because it stopped playing cds. The sound quality was good, but the dependability of this item is questionable.  
Stay away from this one!!!!!. I bought this flash drive like a month ago and it stopped working just like that! One day I plugged it in a portatil hp 
Hub Not Recognized. My Dell Laptop D600 running Windows XP, didn t recognize the device when I plugged it into either USB port. I contacted Targus support and they stated 
Problems with Notebook Recognizing Magic Gate Technology. I d give Sony an F for allowing this product out the door. My Sony regular memory stick always worked fine in my 
UHF loop is useless!!. I ordered this antenna to enhance the reception of the UHF channels. I live in a big city and I thought I shouldn t have a 
Never worked. About a year ago I got one of these to allow me to play DVDs for my kids on my laptop while travelling. It has an alarm that 
Didn t keep moisture out; gets in the way on some weight machines. I workout regularly and vigorously and thought an armband holder for my mini would be better than 
i dont like this mouse. I dont like this mouse, i brought, and never work, its useles  
Belkin 5 port USB not good. I am running Win 2000 pro SP4, w SOYO Dragon Plus motherboard SY-K7V on my pc and the USB drivers have been a problem. 
You get what you pay for. I would recommend another brand, as the quality of this jewel case is very poor. Extremely flimsy two of ten cracked in shipping , 
POOR QUALITY WEBCAM. PURCHASED THIS VX-3000 WEBCAM AFTER READING INFORMATION ON THE BOX. IT STATED THE CHRYSTAL CLEAR MIC AND SOUND ETC.....WELL THE MIC WITHIN THE WEBCAM REALLY SUX AND 
Buyer beware. Cool ball, but hope you don t have too much stress. Mine blew up in my hands and now I have red ink all over my cubicle, hands, 
short comings. #1. Be careful, Amazon.com will try to trick you into separately purchasing this item when in fact it s already included in the TI calculator packages.#2. If you 
you get even less than what you pay for!. mono sound how do you get you 3-prong RCA cables from the DVD player to work? ... after about 5 hours 
Worst... Label Maker... Ever. The labels are sticky on one side, and printable on the other, but that s about all this product has going for it. The software is 
Inexpensive, but not reliable. I used to like my Viking 512MB CF card a lot. I had such a card for more than a year. In that period, I used 
Don t buy this!. This isn t a consistent product. 99 of the time, I can t get it to work. After MONTHS of emails and phone calls, customer service 
Don t buy this remote.... I will make this review very simple. No matter what features you find attractive about this remote, its shear size makes the thing clunky and 
XM Radio INterface is unusable. The AVIC-N2 is an excellent radio and GPS tracking system, but the price that they charge for the XM interface you would at least expect 
In convenient TV. It s too small and signal is too weak. The life of battery is too short.Not recomment to buy this. You can find some other model better 
Bad Choice!. I bought this Mp3 player because it was just a few bucks cheaper than the Ipod and I ended up paying dearly for it. It is a piece 
Don t buy these!. Much like the description in most of the other reviews for this product, my experience with these wireless speakers was dismal. Initially they worked in an 
Had to return it. Didn t work in my BMW. Plugged it in and it fit, but it acted like there was no connection. Worked in my friend s Acura 
Very unprecise, but better than nothing. I bought MapSend Worldwide Basemap to use on my Magellan Map 330 on a trip to Israel. It s an old model of Magellan 
Won t even turn on. I used the repair feature one time and the unit would never turn on again and the disc I did do the repair on still 
Defective Product. Bought this product looking for a simple way to connect my turntable to my new receiver which, as with most receivers these days, lacks a phono input jack 
Not for Macs. My ISP demands Linksys routers, and the Linksys adviser reached by the special number on these pages assured me that it would work with Mac OS X. 
Incredibly bad. I m amazed that Linksys could put out such a crappy product.It s huge and the picture quality is incredibly poor.The only way to use it is with 
Horrible DVD player. I have bought and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective, and finally I just gave up on returning the system. The DVD 
Why?. Why would anyone get this type of charger? For about 40, you can get an isupercharger that you can plug into the wall, plug into a car lighter, plug 
Don t Buy This Phone. We ve had this phone for about a year.There are 2 major flaws with this phone.1. Range - Maximum Range from base to handset is 
Doesn t work well for runners. I don t want to flame this device, but for me it doesn t work well at all. It is a very tight fit 
Appearance only - minimal benefits. The only drawback to this case is there is no screen protection. It is nice that it has a clip, and it fits the mp3 
Cheap for a reason -- It doesn t like paper. At first I was happy to be able to purchase a printer for such a low price. However, the price 
Won t take your liner notes. I just purchased this item - now I m planning to return it tomorrow. One of the advertised features, the ability to store liner 
Dang yo. You all are right. The ink is where they get you. It doesn t even last a semester. It s cheaper to print my papers at the library 
Doesn t fit 03 Envoy. I was so excited to get this for my iPod. I love listening to my music in my car, but was really disappointed when it 
Temporary device. I would only recommend this product if you need something that only lasts six months. There is a reason the warranty is only 90 days. The performance sound 
Perfect example of form over function, style over substance. My trusty Microsoft IntelliMouse Optical finally wore out, so I bought this one based on Razer s reputation and because it 
Compatibility problem with Roland A-37 MIDI controller keyboard. The Uno s MIDI input did not work with my Roland A-37 MIDI controller keyboard, even after downloading the latest drivers. Using 
Third Party Contract - I am skeptical. This warranty is not from Amazon or the company you are purchasing from. It is instead a contract with a third party. You 
Goes to Goodwill. Don t throw out your old tv yet! . I have no clue what this little thing is about. Dummy me thought I bought a nice little 
Go with NVidia. I got this card due to cost but also had limited choices at the local Circuit City store. Boy was this a mistake. I had to get 
awful player. Bought this one a few months ago. Soon after started having problems, trying to add songs to the hard drive, it says that the HD is full, even 
too much velcro and not enough clips. I got this case for my WS-320M, which I ve been wearing around my neck like a MP3 player.The material of the case 
difficult to troubleshoot. I was hoping some of the folks on this list could help me. I hooked up the TEAC receiver to my CD player and speakers, and it 
Works, but... ech. This unit replaced my old AIO 7410, which I LOVED. This one just feels cheap. The construction is cheap, parts are loose, and it feels like a 
Terrible Print Head!. I bought my Pixma 780 in July 05. Within 1 yr, the print head failed black wouldn t print but it was under warranty and they replaced 
could not uninstall U3 and get this to work as a FAT drive. I bought this to use for updating a database inside an airplane. The airplane equipment avionics requires 
Horrible... Well, I totally agree with previous reviewer as far as the quality of this EarHugger. I have only one thing to say about it..BAD BUY. Especially if you wear 
Jam-O-Matic. Notwithstanding attractive reviews elsewhere, our office experiencewith the Canon FaxPhone L170 is that incoming faxes cause themachine to jam. If we were doing it again, we d elect another 
almost completely useless... Polk makes great speakers LSi series , good speakers RTi series , ok speakers Monitor series , and mediocre speakers R series . But like most speaker 
Don t buy. I wasted a day trying to get this to work on two different PCs. The first, a Dell M50 Precision laptop with 1 GB memory and a 
Late Response. I have not yet received the item, so I am not reviewing the item as much as I am providing a review on the vendor. Product was ordered 
WOULD NOT WORK. AFTER RETURNING THE FIRST UNIT I TRIED TO GET THE REPLACENT UNIT TO WORK EVEN TOOK IT TO A COMPUTER REPAIR SHOP TO SEE IF I WAS 
Horrible. too thin. my wrists wouldnt sit properly as there was not enough roo  
Better luck next time. Despite what the Belkin folk told me over the phone, this does not work on a mac  
New is not always better. I purchased the MD781 MD71 expansion phone after briefly having its predecessor the MD681. I really like the MD681 but I could never locate one 
Didn t work. Make sure you buy this at a retailer that allows returns if it doesn t work. I bought one last week after a presentation. It looked and 
Does not receive AM or FM signal. I live in the SF Bay Area where radio signals are strong. This product does not receive any AM or FM signal clear. 
The Tripp Lite only works at USB 1.0 standard. I wanted to use the Tripp Lite active extenion cable to move my Linksys USB wireless adapter to a differnt location 
Cord too short and not replacable. Do not buy!!!. My wife bought one of these. The cord was only a few feet long and can t be replaced. It is 
Unusable. I liked the MD671 for the home office so I thought the MD7161 would be a good upgrade for the home phone. Not so. The handsets intermittently cut out 
My experience so far with the gigabeat. I purchased my gigabeat in febuary 2007. The night after I got it, it stopped being able to charge, and it wouldnt recognize 
Table Mate 2. First of all I returned the product because of the condition it arrived in. The plastic table top was warped. The bracket that adjusted its position was 
Okay... while it lasts. This is the fourth Palm-branded device my husband and I have had die over the last several years. Quality control seems poor. Granted, my Zire 31 
Only becasue O is not an Option. Absolute crap - far and away the worst review I ve given a product on Amazon. Sony should realize just how damaging to 
Told by company that it would take up to four weeks!. I am the type of person that ALWAYS buys the extra warranty on whatever I purchase. However, I started 
Possibly the Worst Phone Out There!. I bought this phone since because if the available features and the looks. Big mistake. The sound quality on this phone is horrible. Also 
I Loved The Player But The Software Was A Nightmare. The software to this MP3 player made it too much work. Anything that freezes up my computer has to go.Here 
Great While It Lasted... I ve had my Micro for over a year now, and when it worked, I loved it! However, I m having the notorious ear phone jack 
Avoid it -- Many Problems. At first I thought I d like this phone, but in practical day to day use it quickly became a disappointment. Specifically, there are issues 
CANNON CHARGES 100 FOR REPLACEMENT INKS. I would never buy this printer again... It is great until you run out of Ink then you can only use Cannon the replacing 
Good product, no rebate, no recourse. As stated, my rebate never appeared. There was no recourse to follow-up and Amazon washed their hands of the matter. Verbatim service was non-existent. 
Extremely disappointed. This coby product functioned only two months for me. Hardly worth spending the money on.  
Not Antec s best. First of all, thanks amazon for not listing the dimensions of this... it is 38mm deep, not 25mm like the other 120mm Antec fan in my 
Does Not Work with Lacie Lightscribe Writer for labelling. These discs are not able to accept the lightscribe labelling of the new Lacie 16X Porsche Write  
Don t buy it if not living in the city limits... This unit is not a magic HD antenna. It s a regular horizontal rabbit ears design which works OK 
Boo Hiss!. I purchased the Kensington Accessory Adapter to connect my iPod Shuffle to my Bose Sounddock while at work.Used in this application, the adapter creates an annoying hiss. Playing 
Was not good. I do not recomend this product. I bought it and I tried cleaning off the scratches on my ipod for 1 hour. I repeated the applications, used 
Terrible... want to throw it in the trash. But I won t because I paid good money for it. As you can see from the other reviews, the speed on 
This is a Bunch Of Crap. This item is so boring. It is like something that you d see in a library or something. Don t buy this. Buy one 
Lenmar Rechargeable Batteries are not reliable, often faulty. I purchased two ten packs of Lenmar batteries. Of the twenty batteries, only 4 would take a charge. I used 3 different 
Totally unreliable. I am now on my second G5 gaming mouse. It is not the Battlefield 2142 model with the graphics but still the same mouse. The first one refused 
HMDI to DVI-dDVI-D CABLES. I haven t had the opportunity to use these cables. My electronics are Denon high-end, and be warned, they will not work with these cables HDMI 
Quality was good, while it lasted. The ink itself was of superb quality. However, I only use color ink sparingly and it seems that the ink may have solidified after 
not pleased at all. I had a problem when I first used it. Sony support suggested buying different DVD s, but still no luck recording more than 20 seconds, finally 
Woof. The radio dials are not accessible when the radio is in the case -- I cut slits in the case with a knife to be able to tune the 
Charger stopped charging. I was impressed with the charger for about 1 month---than it stopped charging the NiMh batteries it came with. I took it back to Best Buy only 
Totally dissatisfied with the product. Lost my Color Merridian overboard and had to replace the GPS. When I recieved the new GPS I called Magellan to get a new unlock 
no screen protection. the screen is the most easily scratched part, but this skin just has a big hole for the screen to show through -- nothing to protect it. 
advertised information is misleading. Sleek and ultra-thin in the description here is a huge stretch. This mp3 player is anything but ultra-thin. Yes, it s compact, but it is far 
Battery is a serious issue. I bought this thing for my brother and he used it four or five times. The battery is defective and needs to be replaced. I 
don t waste your money. save your money for some real protection for your gear panamax, furman, etc. . i have a powerbar and during the recent storms in southern 
Poor quality - avoid. I have a collection of over 1500 disks so I have bought many cd dvd cases over the years and this brand is the worst quality 
Three hard disk failures-definitely buy the extended warranty. I love the Ipod when it works, but I have had three die on me out of the blue. I have taken 
Look for alternatives at a much lower price. I loved this Cordless headset until I found another that was under fifty bucks which was just as good. R dio S 
Don t waste your money on this device. Slow wireless transfer speedsNo way to automatically power-on after a power failure.The web interface was confusing and hard to navigate.It wouldn t 
Prepare to fight every step of the way. N.E.W. will waste your time, money, and your every last nerve before repairing your product. Eventually they will, but not without an 
I ve had multiple battery problems. I received this for Christmas 2005 as a gift. The new player out of the box wouldn t hold a charge for longer than 
Not good for those with small ears. Yesterday, I bought this item based on the 4 to 5 star reviews here and elsewhere. Unfortunately, this product was a disappointment. It 
Who Needs a Window?. I wanted the home antenna system so I could bring my SkyFi2 receiver out of my vehicle and listen to it in the house too. I 
Deal for a price but not a product worth buying. Have been using the GPS for past 3 months. Used it in miami, hawaii, boston, new york and new jersey. 
Here today, gone....today. Lasted three days then stopped playing.If you buy this, you re an idiot  
Save your money!. It s a nice look, but it tips over very easily. It is not steady on a rug surface dispite what the picture on the box shows. 
Not Worth the Money. Maybe I am the only one who has had this problem, but we bought this as a backup for our disc jockey service and it is 
VIRUSES ON MFG SOFTWARE CAUTION !!!. I did not read the prior reviews, I bought this item &amp; loaded the software that came with it in the sealed box from 
VTech IA 5823. The worst phone I ever baught. I have since a month later baught a new phone. Can t not hold a long charge. Battery life is very 
Avoid Westinghouse -- Not worth the savings. I purchased a Westinghouse 37 1080p monitor because I was very impressed with its ability to be used as both a high-res monitor 
Big disappointment!. I should have read the reviews before I bought! The table was warped right out of the box and you can t make the tabletop level. Where the 
Original design is defective, RMA yourself a new one free if still under warranty . I called Garmin tech support yesterday 10 17 , did wait about 15 minutes to 
sucks. DON T BUY THIS ITEM!! It doesn t fix anything at all. I followed the directions exactly. Did nothin what so ever to fix the scratches. The only thing 
bad quality, stay away from them. Some of the worst DVDs that I have purchased. I wouldn t waste my money on any more of these POS discs. I wish 
MH, Arkansas. Do NOT buy this if you own the c340--it doesn t fit and Amazon shouldn t market this as if it will. It s a nightmare to have 
One Star on a Mac - More stars when they have software. I saw SpaceNavigator PE at Macworld controlling Google Earth,- it worked,- I was very impressed,- I tried it 
Stopped working after first power outage. Not intuitive, have to use the book to figure out how to set it. It worked for the weekly test fine for several months 
Utter garbage. I liked the price of this, but I guess you get what you pay for. My friends complained that I sounded as though I were underwater. I returned 
Horrible product - Do Not Buy!. Save your money! This is the worst computer add-on I have ever purchased. Not only did the product not work as described, the software 
unimpressed. I installed this in my new Garmin Nuvi GPS prior to making a trip to Iowa City, Iowa. Thought that it would provide some information useful about the City 
Not worth it. The DVD covers will not even fit in the sleeves provided. Realizing I m tearing up my covers plus I can t see my DVDs in the 
Good except the compact flash card gets stuck. I use this in conjunction with the SanDisk Ultra II 2.0 GB compact flash card.I like it, but the flash card doesn 
Awkward and out of date. The map is old and there is no way to update the information annually with published changes. Obtaining an unlock code is an involved process 
worst MP3 I ve seen. First one didn t work, got a replacement - both easy to put music on the device but the music will not play ... very 
Very bad item. The speed is extremely slow and the effective distance is whithin 1 room. Have to return. Disappointed  
very poor. FM transmitters of this size don t last forever. That is a fact I accept but I had hoped it would last longer than 2 weeks. I bought 
third time i buy it. i buy this telephone with 6 optional phones to all my rooms but is the third time i have to buy the main phone base 
Not my best buy. After two weeks and several conversations with tech support, I could not get the pen to write to my computer Word , though the internal test 
Not a very good camera. Is there some reason we can t buy an iSight anymore  
Makes strange noises when using digital output. I had the TX-SR304. Everything sounded great. However, certain times when I played my DVD, the Onyko produced a loud high-pitched ear-piercing sound. 
MikeCPA. I bought this product from Amazon - I have tried it all over the place, and the device simply does not work. Do not be impressed by its looks 
Not USB 2.0. Wasted my money for this SLOW hub...Be aware that if you want to connect your printer, scanner, ipod etc. to this device, think again  
TERRIBLE!! DO NOT BUY THIS. I bought this for my wife for her birthday,and had toreturn it because the DVD palyer would not work. I returned it and got a 
BEWARE SAMSUNG DLP DESIGN FLAWS!!!. Consumers should be aware of serious design flaws which exist in Samsung DLP televisions. Cooling fans and color wheels are highly susceptible to failing. As 
Beware!!!. Be careful with this item shipped by J&R Music and Computer World. I purchased 6 of this due to the product image. It looks like leather and has a 
Crashes my PC every time,. I have an older Dell computer w USB 1.1 so I wanted to upgrade to the faster USB. Despite some of the bad reviews, I 
Card Error. After serveral months of use, Card Error was shown on my Canon Digital Rebel for my 512MB Viking card, which was half full with pictures. Fortunately, I just 
It won t install. I never had a chance to use the Dymo LabelWriter DUO becuase it would not install and run with MAC OSX 10.4.4 or 10.4.5. Help desk 
Common Defect in this Printer - AVOID!. I purchased this printer for it s fast printing speed and long life in toner and drum, but it s really been a 
Don t waste your money on these overpriced headphones!. I have been on an endless search for headphones that I can use while running that provide good sound quality and 
Garmin Motorcycle Mounting Kit. The price was okay but the unit was not very good from a mounting standpoint. I had to replace it with a RAM unit. I cannot 
Better Not to Buy. I m the consumer of SanDisk USB flash drives. I have used couple of sandisk flash drives i.e. 512MB Mini, 256MB Mini before I bought this 
Clogged jets recurrent problem. I ve had a 660 printer a couple of years and gone through 6 color cartridges. Four of them had a couple of the jets clog 
Sony CDPCX455 400 Disc MegaStorage CD Changer. The unit failed right out of the box. When trying to play any cd, the music plays for anywhere from 14 seconds to 
Crap. I would not buy this router. As I am on my second one from Netgear and it still having issues. This router will not stay up and it drops 
Doesn t work with SD Audio. As the other reviewer found out, these cards can t be formatted to work with SD Audio. Total waste of money  
Won t power anything. I purchased this while hoping to find a cable that would power my hard drive. It won t do it. If you just need data-transfer capabilities, 
tape editor almost will not function. This is my third Dymo LabelWriter. This time I bought their combo label and tape strips of adhesive labels, usually plastic coated printer when 
Great Looking but doesn t stay closed!!. I bought with the intent on organizing my DVD collection. They look great on a shelf, but once you load 64 DVDs into 
Weak. I researched what is available on the market, and this router had all the features I wanted - MAC filtering, WPA password protection, 54 Mbps, can be used as 
Bad reception. I bought this transmitter for my Sansa mp3, but to my disappointment there was very bad reception, way too much static. I would NOT recommend this product  
Avoid at all costs - TERRIBLE SUPPORT and SPOTTY PERFORMANCE. I purchased this item on 6 3 06 from Amazon, and a 250GB ATA IDE Hitachi drive to go in 
of what i v heard. this guitar sucks don t be mad that s just what i v heard in these reveiws. but of what i v heard i would 
Garbage. I suffered with this clock for a year because it was a gift and expensive. Even on the lowest setting the blue glow is so bright my finace says 
Like the Grundig S350, NOT a DX machine !. Like the cheap piece of junk Grundig S350, receptioncapabilities are way over-blown, and like the S350, is wayover-priced..  
Incredibly inconsistent, and a waste for me. Out of the past 20 burns, I have only had 10 DVD s burn successfully. I use Roxio CD Creator version 7, which 
Defective. Item defective and seemed to be used refurbished. The metal antenna seemed to be hand bent back to shape after damage. Unit did not power on  
3 of 4 DVDRs got errors. They have no label on the top hard tell which side is up .These are the worst DVDRs i have ever seen and used.The 
Picks up a radio station - Waste of Time. I bought this low priced pedal mainly for my daughter as a starter. To my surpise, there was no power supply 
Dont work. Too much interference........dont work dont buy it!Thaddeus PorrasPanama, Rep of Panam  
VERY Noisily!!!! Don t waste your money. When docked the iPod, just started to make a funny noise... or scrolling through a title, the radio makes funky noises out of 
FAILED AFTER 5 MONTHS-AT&T WON T HONOR THEIR OWN WARRANTY!!. It seemed like a great product until it forgot how to hang up the phone line, which happened after 5 
Fed up with Bait and Switch. Even though this network card works amazingly well when everything is configured properly and it s a great bargain, Belkin is doing everything within 
Problems abound!. I also bought this system primarily for the Bose name and quality, it did sound much better and deeper in the store, it was easy to hook up 
Expensve and complete piece of garbage. This item is a rip-off. First, I purchased it to record my favorite HBO shows because I work late. Well, it doesn t record 
GREAT DESIGN; MAJOR FLAW. THE DESIGN IS PERFECT FOR THE MAGELLAN S...BUT THE SUCTIONCUP WILL NOT ADHERE TO TODAYS CAR DASHES. THE ONLY PLACE ITWILL STICK IS TO THE WINDOWS. 
Horrible Service. I have purchased this product for my mother and have yet to see the product function. It has been properly set up & the device doesn t want 
Fooled again. Once again I m amazed at how the reviews were so highly in favor of this product. These are terribly uncomfortable for my ears and don t really 
I hate this product. There is no way to digitally transfer information from the MD Walkman to the computer CD rom, making this an expensive piece of junk. A toy 
Don t buy!. Reception horrible. Got as gift and never used. I feel terrible for putting on my wish list  
broke twice!!!. I bought this 18 months ago and while I had some problems with the set up, I got help from the store where I bought it. It has 
Do Not Buy If You Own A Mac. The M-Audio Revolution 7.1 is listed as being Mac compatible but with all the issues it has currently, I am not sure 
junk. this is a piece of junk holy cow is it cruddy don t even call it a guitar because its not its a bad thing to call it a 
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!. I just wasted 16.35 on this piece of junk. It arrived quickly, and became unusable even faster.For those of you used to disposable screen covers, 
Unreliable and disappointing. This was everything I looked for in an mp3 player, but only for about first 6 months. About half a year from getting it the headphone input 
Functionality. I purposely bought this unit as it was one of two on the market with wireless rear speakers. Unfortunately, within a day of plugging it in, I noticed that 
U3 Stinks. There is very, very little you can do on the U3 platform that can t be accomplished on an ordinary USB drive platform. Even if you are in 
Would not install AT ALL!!!. All I needed was a decent webcam for Skype and such. Unfortunately, I haven t had a chance to see how the VF0060 performs because 
Junk!. Shame on you Linksys....this little device is junk. Five minutes out of the box and it was broken...unfixable and now returned. While it looks nifty, it s way too 
Sure it is fun to use but this paper yellowed after 1 month!. I put this paper on the wall in my office next to a picture printer on Epson 
Low on features, mediocre performance. This little scanner is not worth the price. It s got a very limited user interface making it very slow and aggravating to use. There 
Synchro problems. The software will not load correctly on my networked printer. There is no synchronizatio  
Does not seem to work. I just got this Philips PHDTV3 antenna. Based on the comments I ve seen posted before I knew there was a chance for error, but 
Disappointed - Again. The phone was very annoying. Everytime I tried to call on the phone, it would not connect. I would have to either change the channel or just 
Flaky with Rhapsody. I bought this device because I was excited at the prospect of downloading music from my Rhapsody subscription using the Microsoft Plays for Sure digital rights management 
I Wouldn t Recommend. I decided to get a portable XM that could record. I love to listen to Coast to Coast AM, but I can not stay up and 
Apple Sync Charge USB Cable. These cords were not produced by Apple. The packaging states they are SF Planet. The cord will not work on an older computer it totally 
Inaudible - not recommended for Karaoke use. I had got this earlier and thought the piece was defective and so I did not hear any sound. Could not return as 
so sad. as you ve read previously, this is such a terrible drop in quality for Sony. i don t know what it was. i m guessing they re sacrificing 
Slow Burn. I too am experiencing the problems of the original post. I purchased the 48x TDK 50 disc spindle. I was sent a 52x 50-pack spindle. So far, no 
Impossible to see the display items. I would be perfectly happy if my alarm clock looked like the picture on Amazon. However, it is totally different.You can only get a 
Unreliable and disappointing. This was everything I looked for in an mp3 player, but only for about first 6 months. About half a year from getting it the headphone input 
poor customer service. I purchased this memory card for a camera I was also purchasing. It was listed as an accessory to the camera on the same page. When I 
signal quality no better than 2 splitter. I bought this splitter because I was having problems with low signal quality after a split on my digital cable. So I replaced 
Disappointed. I purchased this flash card in June for my GPS memory. Loaded fine, but only lasted 3 months. Card lost all it s memory and was unable to take 
damaged. i received my mp3 player with a big black spot in the middle of the screen, i sent it back and it has been 2-3 months & i havent 
Description misleading!. I agree with Pinkerton, description very misleading. I want to return this for the same reason!!! Says its good for walking, riding, etc. Yea, with a loooooong extension 
Another poor quality product with the Fatal1ty name on it... The cord is too short and the mouse is made of cheap quality plastic making the mouse have a non-solid 
Niko for deaf people. The sound went out after a few months. The remote is of poor quality and you have to press the power button repeatedly to turn or 
Nice design Poof Functionality. I bought this mouse while on the road when I forgot my Microsoft wireless mouse. I do not have the original packaging otherwise I would have 
Chuck. When I received these slim cd dvd 5mm cases 25 where damaged in shipment. Some broke when I opened them. They are too thin to hold up for very 
Watch your compatibility!!. Uh, somehow I ended up thinking this would be compatible with my Canon iP5200R when Amazon was out of the regular cyan CLI-8C a little while back. 
Won t even turn on. I used the repair feature one time and the unit would never turn on again and the disc I did do the repair on still 
Online setup wizard doesn t work, so I can t configure. The URL that D-Link says you should go to in order to access the DWL-G700ap s configuration system doesn 
Don t but this Print Server. Failed to operate as advertised and barely operated at all. Printing was extremely slow and often timed out. D-Link technical support was useless. I 
Trashy in Every Way!. Wow! Incredible that such a cheap and useless product could every make it to market. The sound is horrible and the case construction is flimsy. When 
Grundig G2000A AM FM Shortwave Radio. Handsome unit and convenient size but FM reception is very poor, at leastin urban areas. Too many features; not enough performance.  
Defective walkman. The sony minidisc walkman that we received was defective. It did not function in the shuffle mode. However, we did appreciate being able to return the item for 
amazon isn t posting all that you need to know!. nowhere in the description does it mention the mA rating of these batteries. i bought them thinking i was going 
Don t Buy It. Consider another receiver before buying Delorme s. Delorme s receiver works only with their software the receiver does not conform to any standard, unlike most other 
Great until it broke 16 months out. I m almost the same as another consumer. I loved the printer for home office use; however, upon changing out a color cartridge 
defective battery. I just bought this dvd player to keep my child amused on an airplane ride. I was dismayed to find that the battery was completely dead and would 
Ditto - didn t deliver. Product is was used as a wireless bridge to allow a PC eventually several PCs and a printer using a hub or router to connect 
Nano Cover. Well to start off, the positive about this product, the material its made out of is really durable, and i like it, it really does protect your nano, 
Poor choice for Apple Drives. Apple Superdrives DVD-R CD-R etc... don t burn these above 2x. Even recording at 2x speed about a half hour per DVD, if you use 
Raise your blood pressure in minutes... I almost don t need to write a review since there are already so many scathing reviews posted here. However, the frustration and anger 
OEM NiCad, only 850 mAH battery, just dreadful. This is just an awful battery. It came as the OEM battery on my Panasonic KX-TG2267 phone. The P-P511 appears to have 
DO NOT BUY this product at any circumstance. I got this from Dell with my laptop. For some reason Dell doesn t make their docking station anymore, so they just 
Unresolved problem. I am still awaiting resolution of a problem I have with these drives. In writing DVDs I get verification errors. This proboem arises if the drives are used 
PIECE OF CRAP STOPPED WORKING THE SAME DAY. I got this Item and it worked for about 4 hours, then stopped working, I tried the reader in 2 different computers 
Disallusioned - Not what was hyped up. Sangean is known for high-quality shortwave radios. I assumed this quality and the reviews would help me break into HD FM. I wish 
Don t buy this radio. This is a piece of junk. The radio reception is terrible. FM is marginal and AM is almost nonexistent.  
Garbage. Bought one. Didn t work. Called their tech support. After being put through typical basics power cycle unit, try different cables, etc. was instructed to return it for a 
We need a zero star rating!. I have four Panasonic phones with this dreadful battery. Everyone has been replaced at least once and two of these have failed again. But 
Not recommended. After using this case for a while, I found the top cover did not close properly as it did when I purchased it. The top cover can either 
terrible!. Bad bad bad. I m not sure exactly what is wrong with these discs, whether it is flimsy material or an asymmetrical center but they are not reliable. I 
Joe Barone Big Buyer. cases very cheaply made. Break when opening. Not worth shipping cost waste of money  
Needs Redesign. Mouse does not glide smoothly on some surfaces due to the large depression on the bottom of the mouse designed to hold antenna.Mine would not glide smooth on 
Charger Yes: Transmitter No. The unit works fine for charging my sandisk mp3 player, but I can not get a clear broadcast through any of the available FM frequencies  
Works well... if it is working. The wire at the point where it connects with the mike is too fragile. After 3 months it has lost contact and is useless 
Do not expect much - this is just basic switch. This product works ok as basic gigabit switch. It looks very nice for home office, does not get hot. However, 
Don t bother. Canon calls this a photo printer? Prints are faded, blurred, and distorted. Compare this printer to an HP Deskjet 3940 and decide for yourself. Do not invest 
Nasty but not cheap - AVOID. I had a 28S that survived my teenage years, high school, 7 years of uni, field work, dogs, kids, being dropped etc. it lasted 
Not very good radios. I don t like these radios becase they only go about 1 2 the mile. The battery doesn t hold full charge. I would recommend going 
The box say FHSS, not DSS. Deceptive advertising. It should sayFHSS. If you want DSSS, don t get this  
What a let down . . . I purchased this MP3 player thinking it was a good purchase. Boy was I wrong. Creative Labs tend to have glitches whether it 
Great, but don t expect it to last long. I ve owned two of these now. The screen s great and I love the wireless headphones -- terrific for very 
Targus does not issue drivers for my Viewsonic v37. It worked OK for 2 months, but the KB kept on falling off. When I complained, I was told that the 
same problems as with WRT300N. I purchased this product to replace a really good 802.11g unit from Linksys, hoping to set up a Gigabit home network with ethernet storage. I 
you get what you pay for, folks!. I listened to a pair of these at a local Best Buy the other day just out of morbid curiousity.Yep, the cheapness comes 
Lovely sound, horrible build quality. I bought a pair in January and loved them. Sound is as lovely as everyone describes. However, there are something seriously lacking in the build 
Be Careful. These disks would not work with my Sony brand DVD writer. I have tried several other brands and so far everything works but Memorex.  
be careful. i agree with the other review. we have burned out 2 in a little over 6 months.  
item broken. product came broken now your out of stock, and i do not have that credit card anymore.so now what. i would like my money back. address 2655 forest 
2 of 10 coasters. If they weren t free, I d give them 1 star. Media code: MCC 01RG20. 2 of 10 were coasters at 4X with my DVDRW IDE1008 
Terrible Product. Overall sound quality is poor. Product does not allow for recording music from cd to casette for Flintstones like me. Controls are difficult to master. Taught me a 
BROKEN!!!. I was listening to these headphones for mabye 30 minutes, and then the left headphone died and doesn t work...Bad bad bad. hopefully skullcandy will replace it  
COASTERS!. I purchased this item and was excited to get them, but burning my first DVDs.. they re all coasters! ARG.. pass Memorex and go for a more expensive media, 
I eventually returned this tuner card due to several problems. Amazon was great about shipping this product, but I eventually returned it due to several problems. They were also great 
AWFUL! does not work AT ALL!. Lost my connector cord when I moved so I was excited to see this one for so cheap. The shipping was impressive, very fast! 
Junk! Absolute Junk! All 3 of them!!!. I purchased 1 of the old model when I bought my ipod. As hard as I tried I was unable to switch stations 
Missing an important feature. Why would anyone need a DVD changer? It s not like anyone will put in 5 movies and then plop down on a couch and watch 
The APC damaged equipment warrantee is worthless..... I don t own this specific APC product, but I do own other APC products.My home was hit by lightning on July 2, 
Maxell Audio CDRs Now Poor Quality!. Buyer beware: this is no longer the same product. Maxell has recently changed their audio CDRs. Formally, they were manufactured in Japan; now they 
First Amazon disappointment. I ordered this, as I have many items from Amazon and had not received it after 2 months. I cancelled the order  
Giant Waste Of Money!. Save your money. I invested over 2K to purchase and have this unit installed. After about a year the screen would go blank, but the lights 
Alas - truly awful. I read someone s comments that it s the world s worst phone and I thought, Nah, that can t be. Alas, it is. Where do 
Very basic... I got the camera installed and working with no problems at all. The motion detection actually works as advertised.Image quality is extremely poor though. Would be hard pressed 
dissapointed. I had ordered this product originally hoping for a good quality portable dvd player. This product is defintely portable and the screen being small was not a bad picture, 
NOT Good Long Term. I have had my mouse for about 8 months and it is broken. The L shaped design for the thing you hook to the computer is 
Could not use it. Unfortuneately, this FM transmitter was not compatiable with my iPod Video and I returned i  
Cheap quality, Bad Remote. I purchased this vcr dvd based on the fact that it wasn t the most expensive one and it wasn t the cheapest either. As soon 
deserves zero stars ... This phone stopped working just right after I threw all the packing material away. Horrible, horrible static. Non user friendly buttons as well. I wish I 
Don t waste your time and money. The concept is great, but it doesn t work: Cable modem, router, switch and wireless AP in one. My WCG200 V2 locks up 
Locks Up. I am on my 2nd unit and both lockup after a short time. Neither the remote nor the front buttons will work when it locks up. You have 
functional but not perfect. I had a Sony multiple handset phone that I LOVED. Unfortunately, I found, when I moved into a bigger house, that the phone had been discontinued, 
It was nice before it stopped panning. Camera is easy to set up. Video is of acceptable quality, but Sound quality is good. However, I cannot utilize the microphone and 
Does not fit the new 80 GB Ipod Video. FYI: This does not fit the new generation 5.5 of ipods 80 GB . Another thing is that there isn t 
mini sd 4gb. This memory really i dont recomend because it doesnt work on any device even on my pc and lapto i dont know why and i returned and 
Doesn t pass the test of time. Great looking keyboard. Unfortunately all it takes is one minor spill and the keyboard is destroyed. That includes cleaning. And don t think 
digital voice recorder pen. This pen keeps falling apart. Also, it is difficult to use the recording part because you have to almost shout to record anything. I am sorry 
Cheap, broke in 3 months. I experienced the same station-jumping that other users compained about. It just won t stick to a station. Also, mine broke after three months of 
does its job but not worth it. For the price that Linksys charge this adapter is a can-do-without. Priced at 40 bucks, you can buy yourself a way better card. 
Didn t work. I could not get the songs to download to the MP3 player. I followed the instructions word for word and it would not work. The system froze 
Poorly Designed. As of this writing, there really are not that many choices for a portable video system for the iPod. We chose this one because of the larger screen 
There s a class action lawsuit for this series of models. I bought the base and two handsets 2 yrs ago, and one of the handset completely stopped working after 
Good price but not worth it. If you are looking for an iPod case just to protect your iPod against scratches and such, this isn t a bad case. However, 
good phone...if you re about 100 feet from the base or not near a microwave . I bought this phone because i need my hands free as i roam around 
Below expectations for a Samsung. Application is dual input from cable TV input and analog PC input, used as side monitor on a triple screen home computer workstation.1 Audio output 
This is a hot product - literally. I ve had one of these for 3 years now, and it s spent the last few months gathering dust. Why? Because the 
Bummer. The only positive aspect of this product is it s cool compact design. Other than that it was a complete hassle to deal with. The sound quality is not 
Useless for a child. I bought this case to keep my daughters new First Act Acoustic Guitar safe from harm that she got for Christmas. I made the assumption that 
Not a good product. This headset lacks in loudness. and the clips are flimsy.It states specifications about Bass, but just because it s good at bass, it more than likely 
Be very careful with ATI graphic cards. ATI WEB site provides a list of compatible hardware: you find your manufacturer, your PC model and ATI gives you a list of 
DONT BUY THIS IF YOU VALUE YOUR SANITY!!!!!. IT sucks,they call it a charger for creative zen micro but it doesn t actually CHARGE your zen micro. Save yourself some 
I hate the buttons on this calculator!. I had to get this calculator for a professional engineers exam it was one of 4 approved calculators to take into the test 
absolute junk. I have had nothing but trouble with this product. no matter how many times i have dowload new, or older, drivers, the installation is never complete. their help 
HORRIBLE Battery life. Fresh out of the box, the NiCD batteries can only support about two hours of talk time. That means that if you have home office, you have 
Headset volume a problem. I found that the headset volume for this phone was low, even when I adjusted the volume all the way up. Perhaps I could buy a 
Very disappointing. If there were a catagory for 0 stars, that s what I would have rated it. I bought this model only because I wanted a TV that would 
It doesn t come with AC adaptor in U.S. I bought it because it said that it comes with AC adaptor. But you know what, the AC power adaptor is 
Sad compared to older Models. Just purchased 3 units , thought they would work as well as the Novi units they were replacing however they have absolutely no range . 
Not for the faint of heart. Better products out there, skip this one. This was my second Netgear product I bought previously a wireless modem which I was only okay 
Did not Work!. Unfortunately, I never got to use it as the iPod would not charge. Looked very cute, but never got to use it...Returning for a refund..  
Don t buy this product. I live in San Francisco and have generally good radio reception. This unit could not receive normal FM stations that table radios sitting right next 
DON T BUY INFOCUS!!!!!! 1 STAR MINUS!!. I have to rate this product and this company as horrible!!I purchased the X2 in 12 2004. Everything was fine. In 6 2005, 
Harder to use than other types. For a reason that completely eludes me, the manufacturer decided to go against the mainstream and glue the flaps on the inside of the 
STAY AWAY FROM THIS BRAND. I ve not found anything from Memorex that works right, try Maxell products from Amazon, you can t find better products and the best customer 
Poor Quaility - Do not buy. I bought this for my wife for christmas. It has a nice look and matched our kitchen. Installed it and it failed right away. 
Magnetic snap does not hold. The case is built well and protects the case fine. The problem is that the snap that holds the player inside the case is magnetic 
Noice Cancelling ? You gotta be kidding. These headphones are just plain horrible. Looks are very deceptive, they look great out of the box but peformance is horrible. When there 
never worked. The duet microphone never worked. I think that even if it did It wasn t worth the money  
Disappointed. I am disappointed in this product.I was suppose to write to you from the weekend.My two rear speakers just stop working, and also myremote control. I have replace the 
Cord design terrible but the sound is good. The cord design of these is terrible. You ll have about 6 inches from the attachment point to your left ear and 
service????. after purchase they want the buyer to call for the service agreement. of course you want a hard copy, that is why you bought it. just do it.  
Directly from the Manual. The iDuo USB media reader is designed to transfer data betweenmedia cards your computer does not transfer data directly to iPod  
Do not buy it !!!. Don t buy it. My NEC DVD RW drive model: ND 3520A. it is a 8X DVD RW drive does not not recognize it. I 
Sore ears and goofy looking. I have been using radio headphones for years and I swear the quality and selection gets worse over the years....what was Sony thinking when they 
Nice design, but critically flawed. Attached to 21 widescreen LCD and liked it at first glance. Really like the components and feel of hardware, feels very sturdy.However, after using for 
weak reception. This light weight USB Network Adapter has weak reception, even when external anttenna is attached. It is better to puchase Hawkings HWU8DD that has both wireless G and 
Sony Software is the Culprit. Good thing first, efficient on battery,convenient and compact..doubles up as flash drive and no cables except headphone to carry around to charge. Thats it.As most 
Tough to find a small radio these days.... I had high hopes but this radio does not fill them. First, FM sensitivity, the ability to pick up weak stations seems 
Didn t work. The card was defective. Have applied for refund from amazon and have bought another to see if this one works. hopefully won t have to keep doing 
CD player broken within days. I was very disappointed in this product. The CD player was not working within days. I will try to find a way to return it. 
Do not buy!!!!. These work well for a couple of weeks and then they go defective check antenna message that covers the whole scree  
Worked for 1 year, but I am trying a Logitech now. I had to buy a new one, and I chose another brand Logitech this time.There is no On Off 
Noticeably worse than canon paper with my MP500. I just got a Canon MP500 and bought some of this paper because it was clearance priced and I assumed it would 
This phone is trouble. I bought this phone based on a review in Wired Magazine. I love their reviews usually, but this one really let me down. I read another 
Horrid product. How can they get away with selling this stuff? First and foremost: IT DOES NOT WORK. Secondly, it can make your disc WORSE.Look elsewhere - do NOT buy 
Does not work. Sony Disc player does not work. It won t recognize disc in player.Currently trying to get it serviced under warranty  
Smell Is a Deal Breaker. I wish I had read the Amazon reviews of this item before I paid 19 for it at an office supply store. It may seem 
Wrong Adapter. We bought also the keybord and the adapter as recommended and it does not fit. I already tried to buy a new one, but it is not available 
Archos 604 Wifi Crashes. HD crashed after just couple of months of light using. Now I cannot switch it on. Ive tried anything, including factory resetting, nothing works.Customer support experience 
Broken in 8 weeks. I bought this headset for my daughter at Christmas. They sounded great and she loved them, but after about 8 weeks of use she quit using 
Are there two m230s ?. I have read all 181 reviews and decided that half the reviewers did not get the model that I did.Or else they wrote their review 
does not work. The adaptor, advertised as the perfect solution for connecting your input device to other ports on your computer, does not work with a regular PS 2 keyboard 
Jewel Case Review. These jewel cases are not very good for music CDs if you carry them around as I do. They tend to pop out of their center holder 
Sharp Zaurus EA-BL06 battery. Although displayed in accessories as a Minolta Xi compatible battery as a replacement for the battery that comes with the camera, it is not and I 
Cheap...because its useless. Purchased these to use while jogging to replace my broken Aiwa swoops. The sound quality is horrible. I can t stress it enough. It wouldn t even 
WORST AUDIO CABLE EVER. I purchased this to work with my Xbox 360, I wanted to try this cable type with my new Onkyo 7.1 home theater since I was 
easy to use, but display. Features are good and usage is easy.The problem is display. Numbers on LCD is only visible at a certain angle, otherwise it is blurry and 
Paper curl. Great paper. Convenient to print large numbers of prints. But, it comes off the roll curved and no amount of effort can straighten it. Wish it were not 
Waste Of Money. I bought these discs at CompUSA because I needed a few before I got the ones I ordered online. Well, I just wated a good 25 bucks 
Not my favorite wireless adapter. I m using Linksys Wireless-G routers with SRX400 with no problems whatsoever, but this particular notebook adapter caused nothing but problems. I could not boot 
Not a good product. I bought this product for my husband for christmas because he talks on the phone a lot with work. The instructions say 8 hours of talk 
Just horrible. I am a gamer and i know a good controller when i feel it. This is a horrible controller. I mean it works well for maybe like a 
Sound is terrible. I do not have batteries installed just yet, but so far the sound out of this little thing is terrible. It is extremely distorted and I have 
Lasted only 6 months. I ve barely had this unit 6 months and now all of a sudden it doesn t recognize any new disks for recording !  
Freezes up my Mac. SimpleTech claims that this reader is Mac compatible, but it freezes up my Mac OS 10.4.7 with every attempt to use it. I have two other 
Sennheiser HD-515 and a my experience with other headphones. HD-515 is an entry-level headphone to 500 series. It however fails its promise. the sound quality especially the base is nasal 
Bought one, won t work. The Coby MP-C741 I bought won t work. Sometimes it plays one song o.k., but when it switches to the next song, it always switches 
Poor Display. I bought this alarm clock for my husband for Christmas and it was a huge mistake! The display screen is so bright we couldn t go to sleep 
BEWARE-you can do better for same price. I have this radio and it s a POS. Remote isn t very responsive and the display is WAAaay too bright will keep 
Could not install the USB1.1 driver on 3 different XP computers. I would recommend staying away from this product and company. The USB1.1 driver shipped with the product and the 
Olympus DM-20. Very satisfied with my Olympus Digital Camera equipment. And I have purchased several all Olympus over the years. My use is primarilyprofessional. Therefore didn t mind paying over 
Didn t justify my expectations. This case didn t justify my expectations because first of all it looks cheap and built cheap when you close it frames look a little 
Completely useless. A complete waste of money, even at 1 cent. Once applied the screen is significantly less viewable. The clear shield is about 10 opaque! Avoid this one at 
Does not fulfill promise. I bought this adapter thinking I would be able to print documents from my pocketpc. I installed the adapter to my 6300 hp printer only to 
Beware - If it seems too good to be true... I can confirm that the cartridges shipped with this photo value pack have a fraction of the ink capacity of 
Did not Work!. Unfortunately, I never got to use it as the iPod would not charge. Looked very cute, but never got to use it...Returning for a refund..  
BEWARE. I purcased the 532h in August read my full review under that item . Although different in size, the two sets are exectronically identical sharing the same motherboard and 
What a piece of crap!!!. Not very happy with this product.The software on the pc side doesn t work well at all.Won t list all my files and I can 
Don t buy this. My husband bought me this microphone to replace a broken mike for my Audiostream AS 222 karaoke machine.It works - badly, so I give it one 
Bad choice. I was very disappointed with this product. Fine tuning is very diffcult and indoor reception is bad.  
Disapointed. He didn t send me the product that he was selling. The keypad is not USB and also it wasn t new and also it wasn t targus.I want 
Don t buy this unless your favorite stations are strong ones. You get what you pay for, it s cheap in price and extremely cheap in quality. It only recieves 
Mine were defective. I was disappointed with the quality of these cables. Mine were defective. When plugged in the red was WAY over-represented. The quality of the color was significantly 
Good GPS, bad cradle. I ve got a Roadmate 800 something. The Gps is great when it works. The Suction cup mount and cradle it comes with likes to fall 
Disappointing reception of weaker stations. While this radio has several cool features, including VHF channels 2-13 TV reception, it disappoints when the listener is trying to tune into weaker FM 
Shouldn t be Necessary!. It s a real shame that one has to go out and buy these suction cups after spending several hundred dollars on the Nuvi. Yet, the 
Not suitable for Explorist XL. This item supports only Magellan Explorist models 500 and 600, I have bought it to support XL but it is very small.The description of the 
No way to download Digital Voice Editor Software. I bought a Sony ICD-MX20 digital voice recorder a week ago. I was surprised that Sony does not provide downloads of the 
Check compatibility with writer BEFORE buying media!. One out of every 4 discs would fail on me when I d burn to this media at 4x. Slowing down the burn 
It deserves rather 0. Worst accessory ever! DON T BUY IT. It doesn t have power to blow or vacuum a smallest piece of styrofoam or paper. It just doesn 
Do not get this if you re running Linux. Works fine on Windows XP, but does not work well with Linux. I ve been using Linux for at least 10 
Of course, something is always wrong with Eton Grundig Tecsun receivers !. NOTE: Watch out - the batteries blow up, when used with the AC adaptor !So, what is the 
DON T BUY THESE. These wipes are horrible. My powerbook had more streaks than you can imagine. Buy the Monster Brand Screen cleaner instead, It is awesome  
hdmi cable without brand name. We got the hdmi cables, but we are not sure whether it is the same as the ones on the website. The cables come without 
Bad item. I do not like this item because it says it is a 16x DVD but when I put it in my burner it only reads it as 4x. 
Video and Audio Out of Sync. Save yourself time and aggravation and DON T BUY THIS PRODUCT! I bought this to put home movies on DVD. Almost every time I 
A Royal pile of garbage. I purchased this at Target. I only needed a light duty shredder for our home to shred credit card offers and misc. things like that. 
pitiful battery life. the batteries don t last long at all. if you send new batteries i will edit my review. until then, the product is rather worthles  
case is junk. I used this case for one week..handled it gently and it fell apart  
Not so good. Comes preconfigured with a private ip address. Upon changing the units address to match my home network it locked up and became unuseable. I sent it back. 
works so so, kinda wonky. I have an unusual setup:I have a g4 laptop and a dell tower, both hooked up to 2 evoluent vertical mice one left handed, one 
Poor Software. I upgraded to this drive as I needed more space. I must say it is the most disappointing mini drive I ve owned. The main problem is with 
Take a miss on these earbuds. I wanted some earbuds for my Zen player which fit in my ears and wouldn t fall out. These earbuds did fit my ears. 
wow it worked for 2 weeks. do not buy this item. i brought 2 and they both failed within 2 weeks. you get what you pay for  
what happened to the hard case?. ...I m so dissappointed in CaseLogic for discontinuing the hard cases. They were great, a HARD cover with rubberized coating and actual cd case 
Don t buy this Shredder. There are just so much problems with this shredder, first the automatic sensor die after just 3wks. And after just 4 months, the shredder just 
Extends Range Indeed, but works poorly. No replacement if unit goes bad. This wireless access point worked well for about 2 months, but then it started to turn itself off 
Can t download podcasts or audiobooks -- at least not easily. I ll agree with everyone else s comments re. the proprietary software. I wanted to get an mp3 player 
Lenmar Rechargeable Batteries are not reliable, often faulty. I purchased two ten packs of Lenmar batteries. Of the twenty batteries, only 4 would take a charge. I used 3 different 
Mediocre sound quality, questionable reliability, weak radio reception. I bought this stereo because of its relatively small size and stylish appearance and because it had aux inputs for me to 
COMPATABILITY. PRODUCT IS NOT COMPATABLE WITH VIDEO IPODS. THAT IS THE TARGET MARKET. SHOULD NOT BE SOLD  
No Tuner. Despite the description of full-featured VCR, this unit does not have a tuner. This means you MUST have an external signal source if you wish to record TV 
Get the TDK - better price better quality. Memorex Jewel case arrived with many cases broken, the TKD is has probably thicker and more duarabl  
doesn t work with FujiFilm xD type M cards. Tried to use FujiFilm 1GB xD cards, type M, doesn t recognize them. Still trying to resolve situation with Lexar, they 
Bait and Switch. Don t purchase this if you re expecting to get a 1500 mAh Power2000 ACD-674 battery. They sent a 1300 mAh Digicom battery instead  
Unreliable router. Though I feel that this vpn firewall has alot of great features for its price range, the underlying issue with my internet connection constantly dropping made this a 
This junk died and erased 100 images. The is perhaps the lease durable item I have purchased in 40 years. It lights up just fine, and it is a reassuring 
Poor design. For the price you pay, you d think it would at least be functional.I should have read the reviews before purchasing. I thought the mouse was defective and 
HP 970Cse prints SLOW. We have an HP 970Cse for the last few years and have tried everything under the sun to get it to printer more clearly and faster, 
A total rip off. I was so excited to get this for my birthday, and then discovered the reality. First the ipod does not really fit into the slot, and 
NEVER WORKED. Just the first time, I used it, the signal was little bit noisy even with the adjustemnts , but then I pluged it out for the nigth, next 
Bad. If these were free, i d still would not recommend them, due to all the time that you will waste with faulty recordings.It is the discs, I must assume, 
Very disappointing. The wireless connection on this mouse and keyboard is absolutely horrible.With fresh batteries changed several times and having the pod close or far from the keyboard or mouse 
Defect CF card I purchased. How can I get replacement?. I have had a Canon G2 since 2002. I used to use Viking 128 MB CF cards and had no 
BEWARE of Kingston REBATES!. Beware of KINGSTON rebates!Of course, I hope your experience would differ, if you were to buy Kingston product s , but mine was terrible.I bought a 
The bright clock light can be dimmed if you re willing to open up the Tivoli. The radio is great. The 120-second alarm wake-up problem seems to be fixed. But 
Terk signal amplifier. Purchased this product to improve my cable signal quality. When I hooked it up the signal quality was worse than using an antenna. You will be wasting 
Horrible reception!. I purchased this headset to wear to the gym to tune into their TV s to watch programs rather than listen to music. Reception was horrible!!! While I 
FALSE ADVERTISING! PLATE AND SCREWS DO NOT FIT SAMSUNG LCD LN-S3241D. To be sure this arm would fit, I visited the manufacturers website and chose my exact LCD model number 
Stay away. Like other reviewers, I ve had nothing but trouble with the D1 revision of this card. Constantly this card would refuse to connect to my wireless network, while 
Worst 300 I ve Ever Spent, and I ve Done Coke!!!. This unit is easy to set up and get running initially; it s the perpetual irritation and disfunctionality that 
Not very good. I received the item and it did not work. ANTOnline would not allow an exchange for the defective item. I pulled apart the receiver and adjusted the 
Cobra 18 WX ST II CB 40 Channels. I like the scan feature,I like the Weather feature.I picks up too much RF noise ie:Power line noise, engine nois  
Fancy but Flawed. The Microsoft Wireless Optical Elite has been a less than satisfactory purchase for me. Although I like the feel of the keyboard, I am still having trouble 
Hissing is a Bad Thing. We own the HTS3400 bought at Costco. It is possible that the newer D model has fixed the hissing we hear during stand-by mode. We 
H02 Error!!!!!!. I bought this unit on Ebay. So I don t really know how old the machine is. But only in couple of months I got this dreaded H02 
Waste of Money. I usually never buy any electronics without reading a review first on CNET. I had previously bought the Harman and Kardon home theatre speaker system in a 
 iffy product that needs work. These are RCA headphones? What happened to the quality products that they USED to put out? I can tell you right now, these aren 
not worth it. This palm is dated. You should spend the extra 100 and get something a little more up to date  
Unit stolen from packaging. Received Garmin Navigator Package card product without card in clear blister package.Package opened and data card removed.Amazon immediately issued credit to account when empty package was 
Great printer until it breaks. This printer was very easy to set up on our home network. It prints both color and bs fast, copies and scans well over the 
Mac Mini USB Can t Power It. I plugged it into my Mac Mini and it shut down all USB ports on the machine, and the monitor. After some fiddling, 
Poor manufacturing, terrible sound. I bought these headphones as a replacement for my second pair of blown iPod earbuds, hoping to get stronger bass and better sound isolation. I got 
Do not buy this product. It is so slow with wireless. It works but if you take it far from Wireless router. Forget it. If you are buying for overseas, 
 Active noise cancellation, about as active as my pet rock. I am a college student. I bought these headphones so that I could study when the neighbors are playing 
warning!!!. After owning a P-touch labeler for years,I found the need for a more duable label than my M tape was providing. I opted for this TZ tape labeler. Good 
Dont bealive the good reviews. I bealive what the people write about this product so I tried and it doesnt work. My ipod have the same scratches, but a little 
Looking London Talking Tokyo. Site says NEW item..but found the plastic cut and opened..when asked seller replied giving many reasons..like... to bring down shipping cost how ? , or otherwise 
Don t bother!. I just purchased these headphones and I m not at all happy. They have a cheap plastic look &amp; feel, the sound is worse than what would 
OK until it broke. I bought a Casio PX-110 as a Christmas present for my 15 year old grandson who was learing to play the piano. After 10 months of 
No LFE Input. The website describes the inputs for this speaker as including an LFE input, but the speaker I received does not have an LFE input. The manual I 
Flimsy Stand, USB Hub Useless, Huge Footprint. The deal-breaker for me is that the 3 port USB hub does not have enough juice to power itself and my iPod. This 
A Blackhole of Ink and Money. If you don t use the printer on a daily basis, these cartridges dry up only days after you stop. Given that the BJC-80 
Look Out!. I am a mountain biker and loved the idea of being able to view the screen while riding. BUT the mounting bracket does not hold the explorist well 
Not impressed at all. I m not impressed with Onkyo, this is my second multi CD player from them and both have proved to be very frustrating. If I load 
Only lasted a few months. This worked fine at first but after a few months, the charger could not hold the AAA batteries in place. The spring mechanisms failed for 
Worst Customer Support on the Planet. My GPS is an eXplorist XL. I assume the guts are the same, so here goes. I cannot begin to express how disappointed I 
Unusable with two people on the line. The phone works fine if you are the only one on the line. If anyone else picks up another line, the other parties 
Works well but................ I am quite disappointed with this sony product. It works well but the big drawback is that you hear the motor rumble in your recordings. I wonder 
If it aint Apple, it aint right. Do yourself a favor and save the wasted time, effort, and headache and just buy the Apple brand cable. I ve tried these 
Died after three weeks. This 4GB Cruzer Mini Drive just died on me after less than a month. I won t even bother with customer service because of their bad 
Absolutely Great !!!. I was extremely pleased with the speedy delivery, which was less than a week !!! The new flat panel LCD tv has a great picture and is 
First DOA, Second completely unresponsive... returned. Don t buy this product. The first one I got was DOA, plugged it in, nothing happened. I returned that one to Bestbuy, picked 
It Died after minimal use less than a year. I purchased this for my laptop. It worked great at first. There were blue and red lights that would brighten up 
Not worth your money!. The Philips Magnavox name is well-known for good products, but this isn t one of them! The remote is easy to program and the light up 
Be careful when purchasing!!!!. I bought this for my computer, and it is useless. The unit does not have enough power to provide back up power to my machine. Be 
If you have enough money, don t buy this one. Everything is very fragile,esp the black vinyl part.I broke 9 out of 10 when I tried to open the case 
Missed the Mark. I purchased this unit of beach cat sailing as I had hoped to use it as a starting watch and perfomance monitor. Unfortunetly I found the unit 
I Think They re Lousy. I wouldn t waste my money on these again. The transfer ironed on just fine, the paper backing peeled away smoothly, but there was a 
Item might be good if they shipped it. I ordered two of these coolers because they have the long lasting ball bearing fans. They shipped the wrong model - the 
DON T BUY. This thing is a piece of junk.It stops working in between of a song for no reason.u can get a better mp3 player if you are spending 
Did not see any difference. I did not see any picture quality improvement using this high priced Monster cable. I get the same quality pictures from my 8.00 cable bought 
Terrible voice sound quality. Like another reviewer, I bought the 5823 to replace my old Vtech 2426 -- which I ve had for over eight years and am only replacing 
Good mouse, short life. I really liked my Iogear mouse while it was alive. However, in less than a year, it stopped working, and I replaced it with a MS 
Where are the sleeves?!. The case says it holds 400, but only 50 hanging sleeves are provided. A card comes with it saying you can go online to order the 
Check compatibility with writer BEFORE buying media!. One out of every 4 discs would fail on me when I d burn to this media at 4x. Slowing down the burn 
Very unhappy with this purchase. I bought this same brand of discs sometime last year on this very site. I was very pleased with the purchase then. I didn t 
Horrible static, weak audio. VERY DISAPPOINTED in this phone. I have an early generation Uniden phone without answering machine that was a total joy.This turkey has weak audio and ear-piercing 
Woof. The radio dials are not accessible when the radio is in the case -- I cut slits in the case with a knife to be able to tune the 
Tao xm2go wanted to give it 5 stars. Overall the concept is very good. Works great in my truck, works great in my home. Lots of road trips through the 
Street Atlas 2005 HH provides wrong route and hard to use. I bought the blue logger and both Street atlas 2005 and SA2005 HH for my Dell X50V. No problem 
Very Disappointing. After a couple of months, the CD player does not work any more. The radio still works but I am very disappointed with my purchase. Not to mention 
P.O.S. Beware. I should have listened to the reviews. Within 15 minutes I was so angry with this joystick I pitched it into the trash. I m a Mac user 
Disappointed. This product s description is obviously lying when it says that there s no other equipment needed. I plugged it in, just like the instructions said, and I got 
if you want power look elsewhere. The speakers make a cute accessory if cuteness is what you re looking for. If you want powerful volume then these speakers are not 
terrible. This has to be one of the worst routers I ve used. First, it gives me a ping reply only about 10 of the time and I have to 
Unfortunate design. I have the same criticisms as many others. I had to put on rubber gloves to open the battery compartment. After turning it off after the first use, 
Nice features, poor quality. I bought this for private pilot training. All of the switches, throttles, etc. are easy to set up and use. The problem is the quality of 
Cartridge wrecked my printer. My first two black 15 cartridges worked pretty well in my HP Deskjet 3820 then the third one started to indicate low fluid level and stopped 
Don t buy. I got this CD player because I thought sony was a good company, plus I liked the look of it. But after just 5 months after purchase, 
Very poor workmanship and materials. We purchased 21 of these. 20 out of the lot are defective. The Lightning Jump Drives have a rubber plastic molding that holds the front 
Frustrating. Let me start by saying I was excited to get this product for an upcoming ski outing where four of us including two children were going. I imagined myself 
Dead after one use. The product was shipped to me in Moscow. After the first charge, I took it to university where it powered my notebook for two hours. Upon 
bad pictures. I used this printer to do 6 pictures it did 3 good and started the 4th blurry and all the rest just ink blobs, the printer works for 
good when it works. The DVDs I burned successfully showed the movies in excellent quality. The only problem is that for every 3 good burns I get one bad one. 
Good Light, Short Life. This is a very well designed light and works very well. You have better control of the light vs. snake neck light types. The quailty of 
iriver sucks. they don t care if the player breaks - no customer service at all  
Didn t last. I owned four different sets of NiMH AAs; this was the latest purchase and the first one to stop working. I do have decent chargers and never 
Does not last. I had read other reviews regarding the keys getting stuck. I bought for Christmas anyway, and my four-year-old son loved it. The keys threatened to stick on 
No customer service, and remote control is defective. I selected this model primarily because of its price. Unfortunately, the remote control is defective. It will turn the volume down, but 
Stay away!!!!. After owning two Hewlitt Packard printers over the years, I decided to try this Epson printer. Big mistake! This printer eats through ink like crazy. It worked well 
Great TV, terrible DVD player. Ours also has great picture and sound, but ours also stopped playing any DVD s whatsoever within a few months of purchase. Unplugging it as 
Do not purchase, FALSE advertising!!!. Vendor claims Amazon puts up the title and they match the product, so if Amazon sells Brakes , only after the item arrives at your 
Hate it!. yeah, the design is great! It is a nice fit but if only I hadn t gone through 4 sets of batteries in one short week s time! 
AT&T cordless phone & answering machine. The phone works but the answering machine doesn t. It plays the outgoing message but never takes the phone off-hook . The calling party 
FROM EXPERIENCE: Do not buy this item. I just returned the PHAROS gps for PDA s. I have had a Garmin for 2 years and wanted an upgrade. I chose 
Software and Hardware HORRIBLE!!!!. First off the Software is Horrible!! I have XP Media Center and the Win2000 interface program won t even run. The hardware drivers interfere with other 
Stay away from this Rube Goldberg rig. I bought this keyboard from Amazon and I couldn t believe how badly it was designed. Quite out of character for Logitech I 
Fits like a glove. The leather case works great. Easy access to buttons, space for business cards and SD cards. Ah!... the smell...leather. Five stars  
Reception Problem. I was unable to receive any short wave broadcasts at any time from any place inside my house or in the back yard.  
Worked great and then it just quit... I previously gave this unit 5 stars and wrote a great review -- but now I have changed my mind. After about 5 
Unreliable Rip-off. This product is cheaply made and noisy. The USB power cable developed a problem after 30 days. Don t get ripped off. Avoid this unreliable product  
Disappointing fit. I was really looking forward to using this product given how pleased I have been with the iSkin covers for both of my iPods. The iSkin cover for 
I miss my stowaway. I bought this as a replacement for my stowaway when I replaced my Palm m105 with an HP IPAQ. The palm-stowaway combination was an excellent portable 
Breaks easily. My wife dropped the original remote and it quite working. It turns out there are PCB s inside and one surface mount connector to the other board came 
Underpowered. The reception on this unit works fine. Transmission however is a problem, no one seems to be able to hear me  
CHEAP. DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT IF YOU INTEND TO GIVE IT TO ANYONE , OR FOR THAT MATTER EVEN YOURSELF, IN THIS AGE OF HITECH ITEMS THIS GOES BACK TO 
1 shortcoming only. Cons:Defect: the backlight does not work.Shortcoming: has Palm OS 3.1, an early version for Handspring Visors.Neutral: expedited Shipping time: 5 daysPros:PricePS: Vendor customer support contacted me and 
Coming Apart at the Seams. In theory an excellent product -- room for lots of disks, relatively compact and attractive HOWEVER I purchased three of these 2 for me 1 
Sir Mini connector. I aLso received the antenna with the brown plug that wouldn t fit my Sirius model. The ad was misleading and appears everyone is having the same 
It works fine and looks nice, but it s VERY FLIMSY!. The rating I have given is based on the fact that this drive is extremelyflimsy. I have two of 
What were they thinking?. I ve rarely had bad experiences with Microsoft mice or keyboards. Usually they tend to have above average design and put thought into the product.They evidently 
Do not work with non-Apple access points!. Does not work with non-Apple base stations! I had a PowerMac G5. I was told by Apple retail store clerks it will work 
Broke in under 24 hours. I feel bad for my parents for buying me this gift for xmas. It sounded great when I first hooked it up, but now it 
Does not work with DI-624. This game adapter does not work with the DI624. But works perfectly with a BELKIN ROUTER. How strange is that  
 BEWARE . This TV is set so that it is not capable of a recall function. If you want to flash back between channels, this TV is not going 
Doesn t look good... I was just called to a new client site last week that has 11 of these cameras installed. Of the 11, half at any given time 
Netgear 108Mbps Dual-Band Wireless Card. I came into purchasing this product with very limited knowledge of wireless internet cards, wireless routers, etc. I was away on business most of the 
Bad Design, Poor Reception. I value the Amazon Product Reviews and have purchased many items based on customer feedback. I purchased this phone from Home Depot for 69.95. I am 
Bad Design - Does not do as advertised!!!!. This is a poorly designed device and it does not work as advertised. Gave it 1 star since you cannot give it 
Good Luck Assembling It. I bought the Yamaha YPT-300AD keyboard and this stand was recommended as an accessory. IT DOES NOT FIT.Next point is assembling it. I ve assembled many 
Slides and HP Scanjet 4890. This scanner is a disappointment. Scanned color slides mostly fuji sensia 100 are out of focus, too soft and far too blue. It certainly doesn 
6GB Pocket Drive. Repeatedly gives CRC cyclical redundancy check error when moving several files to drive  
broke after 1 year. Overall the recorder worked OK. A moderate inconvenience was that once in a while the recorded DVDs could not be finalized for unexplained reasons.However, that is 
Five stars until it DIED. This was my first flash-based MP3 player, which I bought specifically for listening to while running. I carried the player in its manufacturer-supplied holster zip-tied 
junk. Our centrino laptops get an excellent signal while this adapter typically gets a weak signal. Constantly drops the connection. There might be a way to reconfigure it through XP 
Quiet, low air flow, even on high. Claiming that this fan s 3-speed switch lets you balance quiet performance with maximum cooling , is very misleading. On low, the fan 
Annoying hum. Looked good, sounded good. Then I noticed the low-volume hum 60 Hz? coming from the bass ports on the back. The lower you turn the volume, the louder 
Cheap and Cheap. I tought it would be a good deal, since the price is really low, but not TOO low, but it doesn`t really works... It only has 6 
Signal Strength too low. I have Trendnet wireless card in my Laptop. At a distance of less than a meter, signal strength is only 36 mbps and at a distance 
Complete Waste of Money. I recently bought this radar laser detector, and it fails to work as advertised. I ensured that all bands were enabled and that settings were according 
roady home adapter. This adapter does not fit the latest model of the XM Roady, the one they were sending with the December 06 promotion. The voltage is wrong 5v 
Sony Walkman Armband Radio. headphone cord is very thin. it broke in half -- Amazon quickly sent me a new radio -- but that one broke also. So I got 
Works well for a few months. At first, I was VERY pleased with this printer. After a few months, I kept getting a carriage jam error. I have no jams, 
Declining quality. I purchased one of the Creative MuVo TX FM 1GB units about two years ago and spent hundreds of hours listening to books on tape and downloaded lectures 
Unreliable. I have a PNY disk. Shortly after the purchase I started getting Memory Card Error . It lasted intermittently for another month then died. This is a sure sign 
Useless unless all you need is return labels. I bought these as part of a package Amazon was offering with the Dymo Turbo 400 printer. Totally useless unless you need 
Do not buy. When I brought it back to Walmart, the customer service person exclaimed Not another one of these! Yes it s a lemon. It worked some times, but 
TOO BAD!!!!. Product name is the same but outlook is totally different from the picture on the web. In addition, no all region code supportted! I will return it ASAP. 
Sansa e100 FM Transmitter Mistake. This item is marginally functional at best. It does work if you are in the middle of nowhere, but if you are in a big 
Midland 75-785 cb radio. Reception is not that great with the stock rubber duck antenna and also the press to talk button and the channel changing buttons are way to 
It s ok.. Not a bad little unit... wish it remembered where you were on the CD when you turn it off like other units I m used to especially 
Lots of bad burns. I had so many bad burns with my first spindle that I had to ask for an exchange. The new spindle had at least 5 bad 
Giving up on the 4890. When the 4890 actually scans it does OK. The software is easy to use and has some useful photo editing features. My skills are limited 
Not for Large Houses With More Than One Electrical Circuits. I bought a set of four Westinghouse intercoms. Usually people buy intercoms because they have a large house and don 
good packaging, slick design, but does it do anything?. I bought the Terk antenna in an attempt to pick up some AM and FM radio stations I was struggling with 
Slightly staticy. I had this phone for 3 days before sending it back. It added some very slight static to the calls. To make sure it was not my line 
Cost-to-Function ratio is ZERO... I ve been a user of Linksys products for many years and when this router became available I purchased it. However, I was not able to 
Please read!. This product only works properly if you have a phone line and are using skype. Do not use this product if all you plan to use is skype, 
Not worth the money. The transaction went fine. The product is comparatively far over priced. I was almost drummed out of an organization where I am the secretary, for spending 
slooooooooow. This card is such a disappointment. It is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and 
Does NOT work. I bought one of these and was quite disappointed. I have two small kids who get fingerprints on all of there DVDs. I sprayed one, dropped it 
Overpriced to FOOL anyone still thinking in ANALOG Terms. You people are still thinking in analog terms! The beauty of digital transmission of sound data is that the sound quality 
Wrong Product shipped. I ordered Double Density Diskettes, which you initially acknowledged. You shipped high density diskettes. I have no use for the 100 high desnity diskettes and would appreciate 
Like resting your feet on a small mountain of plastic trash. What more can I say than the above? It is flimsy, doesn t stay in adjustment, rattles around when 
Not a bargain but acceptable. These cables are a bit cheezy. They work fine but most electronics you buy throw in higher quality wiring than this. As with a lot 
Ok, but performance is terrible. I bought this to replace my Linksys BESFR41 cable dsl router and Linksys WAP11 access point. Mistake! Everything worked fine out of the box, but 
bad signal. dont buy this gadget. it is bad choice and the quality of the signal is affull. alot static in the 4 frecuency  
Box says supports Lexmark X-6170...... I bought this product because out of the 4 different printer servers I was looking at, this was the only one that said it supports 
Maxell CD-392 Double Slim Line CD Jewel Cases. This is an okay product. However, the CDs have a tendency to fall out of the case every time you open them. 
Bad customer service setup. The mouse worked great but the keyboard was very erratic. After my efforts to make it work failed, I called customer service. They do not have 
Do not buy these headphones. I used these headphones once. After that, the base would not stay powered on for more than 30 seconds. I verified that I had the 
Cable breaks very easily. I just have it for a couple weeks and the first time I pulled from it the cable broke and there is no easy way to 
This unit is great....but... I love this unit. It s great. Interestingly, it is much smaller than I thought it would be. The sound is great, nice and full for 
No range. This does not have the range that it states it does. I even called their customer service person and asked about this and agreed with me. Maybe useful 
Creative Labs Vibra WebCam. Piece of junk, cause lots of problems on my new laptop.The rebate never arrive after 4 months  
N.E.W sucks big time!. Okay,This is not a review of the product itself. But, I stronglyencourage you to consider not getting an N.E.W warranty. They arereally not in the business 
Sent it back. I had to send this item back because it stopped playing cds. The sound quality was good, but the dependability of this item is questionable.  
No customer service. Did not receive local alert only regional. Tried to call customer service for several days, could not get through. Sent e-mail to customer support 3 weeks ago, 
OK but don t wear them too long. These earphones are well put together and at the price they could be outstanding. The volume control alone make them a steal. 
Never Ready. Don t buy these batteries, because they don t last long like Energizer or Duracell. These Eveready batteries ain t never ready  
Don t buy. Very bad customer service. The worst customer service I have ever experienced. The lady who alledged to be the customer service supervisor said: You got it cheaper 
midiman 2x2. this product is great the only problem I have is that upon downloading the drivers for this item I get a warning from my server stating that this 
hp laserjet 3055 - Beware useles for Vista Users. Great machine but do NOT buy it for a Vista system.Even if they state on their website the system is compatible, 
Crappy Ni-Cad. Don t buy this, I bought it and it died within 12-18 months just like the factory Ni-Cad. Buy the new Ni-MH replacement HHR-P402 it has now lasted 
Allsop Lens Cleaner. I didn t notice any change in the operation of my cd writer after cleaning. The cleaner was supposed to play music while it cleaned 30 minutes 
Not as good as I had hoped!. The unit stopped working after three days. I spent a long time on the phone waiting for KAZ customer service and they just 
Are we reviewing the same product???. Very poor documentation. Unit didn t work after serveral hours. No support available. Being returned  
Dated design, better units available. I purchased one of these when new back in 2004. The unit has worked ok for me, with the main quirk being about once every 
I Ordered one, but first two were broken!. I would love to try this. First one was shipped broken make a clanking noise and woulnd t work . Sent it 
Did NOT Work. I tried the product in three different computers and each time received an error: Power limit has been exceeded on the USB Port . I went to 
Can t keep a signal. It works sometimes but most the time it can t pick up enough of a signal to work.  
Not worth the money. When this gadget works, it s great. Trouble is, it hardly ever works. And getting it to communicate with the PC is nearly impossible. On top 
Why did they die?. I loved these so much at first so cute and had great sound. They seemed to act as earplugs to the world outside and I loved 
Kingston 2 GB SD Memory Card. This SD would not work in my Nikon Coolpix S6 camera but the Fuji and Sandisk product did  
Does not support RAID 1 mirroring. Despite the Tech Specs of Amazon, the WD NetCenter does not support RAID 1 mirroring configuration. According to a Western Digital representative in their 
Not as good as it seems. At first this thing was great, in 20 minutes not 15 it would charge the batteries. The problems came later when batteries started showing 
Take 2 seems to work OK. I bought the original version of this router. It always had some problems with the wireless connections dropped connections, wouldn t work at all 
Absolute crap!. I really enjoy the idea of this item as it will definitely save some careless people headaches. However, I have two MacBooks in my home and have gone 
Beware reliability of power supply based on earlier model 330 . I have been a big fan of these printers. I own one vintage unit from when they were CoStar 
Bose blows. I purchased this speaker about four years ago to complement my Bose main speakers for my surround sound set up. At that time, I felt the sound quality 
Item was DOA. Much to my dismay, the item arrived DOA, and even tech support was not readily available. I eventually filed an RMA with the seller, but I had 
Too good to be true. If this pen really worked, it would have been a dream come true. But the software of course, was not compatible with my computer. I 
Support lacking. Overall the product is decent, handles load well. The main problem is getting support for the VPN portion. I have numerous calls in and have bounced around the 
Expensive JUNK !! Horrible Reception.. My 10 dollar portable Panasonic radio has BETTER and Clearer reception than this overpriced crap. Even if the radio is by my window , reception 
Terrible. I bought one from a store, which didn t work, so I thought I d try Amazon.com. Well the one I order from here didn t work, either. Rather 
SD slot stopped working!. The SD slot stopped working last night - very frustrating. The compact flash card slot still works, though. I noticed a reviewer mentioned that it didn 
Soft & Fuzzy. Not the way you want your phone to sound.I thought the problem might have been the creative wiring I did to get a jack where I wanted 
I Would Never Recommend this Product to Anyone. I ve only got this thing to work for about 3 hours and that is not in a row. I ve spent 
Bait & Switch. I went online to Amazaon, a site I trusted, to locate an HD RADIO for my desk at work.This was listed as an HD radio; only after 
Canon CP710 Printer. Will not recognize 99 of the photos stored on my hard drive including those taken with a Canon camera.Will not work with iPhoto.Customer service reps are zip 
OMG Magellen Customer Service is The Worst. I bought this Magellan 3000T and took it still in the box on a vacation to Melbourne Fl. I read the directions on 
Love the Zen W, hate the case. If your looking for a case that will protect your zen w player, this is not it. Its a thin piece of rubber 
NOT for Mac users who are new to broadband routers!. The included CR-ROM manual has a nifty Setup Wizard which sadly is not compatible with Macs, which I discovered only 
Needs improvements. The unit is very basic. I only needed a basic gps so i purchased it. The price was really good. I was very disappointed when I used it. 
I think I got a bad one. Major DHCP problems. I tried an assortment of PC-based NICs. Using CAT6 Ethernet cable, only one of two NICs was able to get 
Inadequate. Worked poorly for me. I live about 15 miles from the transmitter s . No channel was received properly i.e., without significant drop out . Gave up and bought 
Terrible Customer Support. The only way to contact customer support is over email. They have no contact number. Now, we re all integrating this device with various other PDAs and 
Horrible value, a piece of garbage. I got my first iPod Shuffle about a year ago 8 05 . It lasted til the following May, and then started to act 
Stay Away - Sony Software Sucks Big Time. What were they thinking? Or Are they thinking at all? Sonic Stage is a piece of crap. It freezes, hangs and very 
What happened to the region code free setting??? HELP!. Hi! I bought my Cyberhome 300 in April 2006, and was able to set the region code to 0 to watch 
waste of money. It worked for about 6 months and gave up the ghost. Replaced it with a Griffin PowerBlock AC Charger, a much better product. I haven t had 
Don t waste your time or money. We have this phone at my office and it s junk. Reception is awful. I think you could hear better with two Campbell 
Only for those with D-Link routers. If your router is not by D-Link, and particularly if you use WPA encryption with that router, do not purchase the DGL-3420. I have 
No Intructions = Confusion. I bought this and had to take it back as it did not come with any instructions on how to install it, plus there are a 
Not HDTV. There is no built in HDTV tuner. Sent it back and got the TC-26LX60 and love it  
Cheap Is as Cheap Does. There are a lot of remote controls on the market from the 999.95 SRP Philips Pronto TSU7500 on down. I didn t want anything too 
Do NOT Buy This. Similiar to the other reviews, the control panel on the face does not work. Both the up and down volume controls actually lower the volume. Also 
Poor Customer Support. I wanted to convert an HP LaserJet 4 Plus to a networked printer. Even though instructions from the manual was followed, the printer did not work. The 
worst choice of my life. Bought this a month ago for use with my DX4330 kodak 3MP digital camera. It worked for 2 days.After that, everytime I on the camera, 
Extreme Card. I bought an Extreme Card for my G4 from ameris and it was faultydidn t load and wouldn t let the computer come on. Sent a note on 
Junk! Left ear stopped working after 15 minutes. Someone else here had this problem too. The left ear piece stopped working after a mere 15 minutes of use. Plus, while 
Broke after two weeks. This little drive worked great for two weeks and then, suddenly, all of my files are gone. There is no physical damage to the device and 
Had to give it one star... Had to give it one star BECAUSE THERE IS NOTHING LOWER.This printer was the answer to my printing dreams. For about three months, with 
It didn t work in my cig. lighter adaptor. I m not sure if there s something unusual about the cigarette lighter adapter in my Ford Escape Hybrid, but this 
Needs to be updated. Hard to believe this product is still being sold when it s not even friendly with the current hot selling ipods. Also the claims of good 
black cd r is a black hole. Would give it 0 stars if that were an option! It does not record in multiple recorders. A waste of time and money 
I wish I d have read these reviews before buying the unit. We bought this machine for a Christmas present for the inlaws, knowing I d wind up installing it. 
Install CD has viruses. I just recently bought this and when I installed it Norton caught 2 viruses on the install CD.  
Overheated in my charger. I use a great charger Lacrosse BC-900 and I ve never had problems with the energizer batteries that I use.I bought two packs of these GE 
does it work??. these cable will work only on desktops computers, i bough this to use on a mobile system to be able to take some screen shots and videos, 
Too bad it doesn t work. Cute device. Plugged it into XP computer, found the device, assigned it to drive G. Tried to look at G, said Insert disk for 
RCA WSP 150 transmitter. The transmitter light when connected to the Transmitter adapter and then plugged into the power will not stay on. It fades out and then nothing is 
Not USB 2.0. Wasted my money for this SLOW hub...Be aware that if you want to connect your printer, scanner, ipod etc. to this device, think again  
SONY LCD REA PROJECTION TELEVISIONS. I purchased my tv in Dec 2004. I did not purchase the extended warranty. These sets are have all kinds of video problems. Myself and 
Looks can be deceiving. I bought this alarm clock today April 7, 2007 at Bed, Bath and Beyond for 10. I wish I had seen the reviews first. I bought 
I had the same problems.... My dlink router works fine with one wirelessly connected computer using a netgear adapter, but my experience has been like that of others: this belkin 
Good design, poor performance. The auto scan feature invariably stops on a band with interference, while I have no problem finding one manually. The sound quality is disappointing and yes 
Hissing is a Bad Thing. We own the HTS3400 bought at Costco. It is possible that the newer D model has fixed the hissing we hear during stand-by mode. We 
Soured on Sony. This review is more about the Hi-MD concept in general than one particular player.The sound quality was excellent. The rest of the product and concept deserves to 
Woof. The radio dials are not accessible when the radio is in the case -- I cut slits in the case with a knife to be able to tune the 
Not ready for prime time. It s a great idea poorly executed. I ve set up LOTS of wireless networks and devices. I know what I m doing and I 
WPSM 54G print Server. Dont waste your money. After several hours, I was unable to connect it to the network. The PDF manual and the instructions offer no subtantial help 
Marathon set-up nightmare!. In short, why a 1 Star Rating you wonder?Took forever to set up properly; long wait time and poor help from tech support; automatic set-up I doubt 
I agree this product is JUNK. I have to agree with the other reviewer. I got my Solio in December and it only charged via the sun twice. After that, 
Danger, Will Robinson!! Avoid Avoid!. This card was completely useless for me. I tried to install it in a Dell PC with a Pentium II running Me. Granted, it s 
Awful. Bought one pair, they broke after three weeks static sound and dropping sound from one channel exchanged for another pair, and they broke after one week same sound issues 
Best value on the market for this product. I looked at many LCD TV mounts up to 200 and found that this model offered what I wanted at a substancialy 
You get what you pay for. Here s a quick comparison for my wireless mouse:Duracell: 1 monthMemorex: 2 daysDO I HAVE TO SAY ANYTHING ELSE?  
Does NOT work with Mac OS X 10.4. I just purchased this exact model from Amazon a few days ago. It arrived today and there s nothing anywhere about mac 
No Sound Sound Card. This is my first Diamond Multimedia hardware purchase and definitely my last. What a piece of junk! It doesn t even rate one star. Following the 
quality okay, but annoying white noise. the mic s quality is okay but i tried using it with my iriver mp3-player and my computer and i get that really annoying 
Avoid MEMOREX dvd media if using NEC 1300a. Use Maxell or Fuji disks. They work flawlessly  
VIRUSES ON MFG SOFTWARE CAUTION !!!. I did not read the prior reviews, I bought this item &amp; loaded the software that came with it in the sealed box from 
Piece of Junk. This DVD player worked for about 5 months then it read no disc and would not play. Technical support unhelpful, warranty only 90 days. Tried to save 
Very Poor. I used this mouse for a couple of weeks before it drove me nuts. The thing skips around all over the place - even when the mouse is 
Casio EV-570 Handheld Portable TV. TV does not work, whilst I get the picture, it is in black and white and there is no voice or sound apart from hissing 
Disappointed. I wanted a monitor for digital photography that was a little better than the bottom end offerings. I decided on the Viewsonic. When I received it there was a 
Engineering Flaw?. Recently, despite my recommendation of the Brother MFC-7820N, two of my clients decided to purchase the Brother MFC-8460N because of the faster print speed and legal-size scanning bed 
Shame on you SONY!. Received changer a few weeks ago & anxiously started loading my store bought DVDs. Followed the directions, but found that it would not capture the info 
So So. Just received this, Knowing that it was a low end unit, I didnt expect much, for the price I guess they are ok, there was alot of feedback 
JUNK!. This is an extremely cheap product poor grade of plastic and sound quality is...for the lack of a better word...gross! The earbuds that came with my ipod are 10 
Terrible humming noise. I bought a set from Target, and took them back for a refund the same day. When the noise canceling feature is turned on, there is an 
Stops working after 3 months. This DVD player does play all types of DVDs no matter how you burn it. But like other reviews, it stopped working after 3-6 months. 
Great navigation, but unreliable. It does a great job of navigating, but my first unit that I received for Christmas would not allow me to save my created addresses and 
Minus 5 Stars -- Mine is JUNK. The PDVD170 Portable DVD Player CH-LDV 700B All Region Code Zone Free 110 220 NTSC PAL 1 ] SUCKS! I can not get 
Nice radio - not as advertised. Overall, the Helix lives up to being the new generation of XM recievers. I especially like the option of being able to store my 
Waste of time. I used this reader for a week before it stopped working. It worked OK for the week that it worked at all. It would not read xD 
Razer needs better manufacturing !!!!. Let me start off by saying like some others out there, Theses seemed like a dream come true. Got my First PAIR yes i said 
Very dissapointed. I am beginning to think that I got a used product that was not good to begin with. I have had nothing but trouble from the start. We 
Ink-hog, not user friendly. This printer produces lovely printouts, but as noted above, it uses far too much ink from expensive cartridges. My biggest problem with it is that there 
Every set of batteries I have seems to be a dud?. If put more than one battery brand new or old batteries into this charger, the charger says that one 
Disparate cord length- more than irritating. I read all of the reviews here and thought these would be the best option for easy transport AND low ambient sound i-pod headpohones 
This backpack didn t hold up. Pro sIt s really roomy.... ample room for my old brick of a computer Dell 15 inspiron 6800 and my tiny HP NC6230. Good 
Slow printer, big and clunky, blew up my USB Ports!. I had this computer for one day and when it worked, it was slow and noisy. I took it on 
Good TV Terrible Service. I have two words of horror for you, Electronics Expo. I purchased this set through Amazon, who then relied on Electronics Expo to send the TV. 
Remember the expression......you get what you pay for!. In a word...disappointing. On phono input, the treble is fine, but if you re looking for any kind of bass, two dixie 
This item is no good and expensive shipping & handling. This item is no good and expensive shipping & handling charged by the vendor. Should have gone for something better 
Terrible cable. Ghosting and static all day, every day. If you need a replacement cable, find one with better shielding  
Not User Friendly. The buttons on the remote, although many, are not useful. The only button we use to advance or back up slides in a presentation was difficult to 
2nd BROKEN NEO - EXTREMELY UNDEPENDABLE. This is my second Pronto Neo. The first one was refurbished and lasted four months, while the second one lasted a little over a 
Puzzled. I bought this for my 12 year old who so far hasn t been able to get it to play. I haven t either Before giving up on it, 
Cool Design, but Poor Function. I had read several reviews here before purchasing this product, but went ahead and bought it anyway, thinking that Logitech might have fixed their quality 
Does not track well. I bought this mouse thinking it would provide better tracking as it used laser technology. However, it tracks very poorly on almost all surfaces. I have 
HMDI to DVI-dDVI-D CABLES. I haven t had the opportunity to use these cables. My electronics are Denon high-end, and be warned, they will not work with these cables HDMI 
cap breaks, warranty replacement service brutal. I can reiterate other comments that the cap design is too cheap and flimsy and will break when on a metal key ring. I 
Bad. If these were free, i d still would not recommend them, due to all the time that you will waste with faulty recordings.It is the discs, I must assume, 
Do not buy this card if you have NVidia chipset. Pros: Perfect sound, solved resampling issuesCons: famous popping crackling noises makes it useless for gaming, especially in BF2 which use 
Flaky and made my system unstable. Worked well with matching N1 router for about 3 days. Then I had to uninstall re-install the hardware tech support recommendation . I did 
Still trying to figure it out- think I finally did. I just bought my unit on ebay. It was a refurbished model directly from Sony. My main only purpose in 
Kingston 2 GB SD Memory Card. This SD would not work in my Nikon Coolpix S6 camera but the Fuji and Sandisk product did  
Be an educated consumer! You don t have to spend a lot for digital cables. You don t have to spend a fortune on expensive cables when you are dealing 
Doesn t support windows mobile 5.0. I am very disappointed in this product. I purchased the Blue Logger to use with a new Dell Axim X51v which I purchased to 
Do not buy this product. wireless connection is disconnected frequently. you can not play starcraft with other people. sucks  
Works great, but very flimsy. I use the extension cable that came with the adapter to extend the GPS-360 device further down the dashboard. This adapter apparently can t sustain 
Weak. No matter how I much I mess with this, I can never get it to pick up enough sound. I have to basically hold it in my mouth to 
Very poor support from Linksys. I had an issue with my VoIP device connecting after the unit was installed for about 2 months.. I contact Linksys and after a number 
Total rip-off. In the ten minutes since I ve had it out of the box two pieces have fallen off. More importantly, It can t handle large manuals as advertised. 
Don t buy Lexmark. I have two Lexmark printers and have the same &quot;clogged, but not empty&quot; cartridge problem. Not only are the cartridges over-priced, but their customer service is 
Poorly Designed Remote. For an otherwise flawless system, the Sonos Controller is very poorly made. The product is large, bulky, awkward, and a bit heavy, but without the substantial and 
N1 Router with N1 Laptop Cards Poor Combination. I bought the complete package, N1 wireless router with two N1 cards for my laptops to replace my Linksys router that went 
No battery, but nice case. I had this on my Christmas list and was very specific that DH order this one BECAUSE of the included rechargable battery. Well, as with 
Get what you pay for?. I too am missing the usb adapter as well as the hand strap & cradle. I cannot down load my images to my computer and 
Easy to dissasemble. We ordered three of these devices. I removed one from the packaging and checked it out. The device is accessed by bending the rubber shell which exposes 
A wasted Saturday. Extremely low wireless speed and I did confirm it on the Cox Las Vegas test. Skype dropped calls every 1.5 min or so when it was ran 
expensive coasters. I too bought these after not finding spindles of the Verbatim DL. A few work, but only a very few. I have an NEC recorder which works completely 
cute but uncomfortable. the buds don t fit very well and fall out - they caused a continual pain and made the outside of my ears soar from the many 
Cord Problems. I bought these headphones because I like the behind the ear wrap-around style and this was what was available. My last pair lasted me two years but, sadly, 
How about a hammer for a stylus?. This product stinks. Typically, the documentation is not written in standard English, but in some cyber-patois that no civilized person understands. Their support 
Not Good. The sound was great, but the DVD would lag every 10-15 seconds during any and all movies. It drove me nuts. I had to return it.  
Don t buy...there are much better ones out there. Recieved as a present from my wife, poor girl got sold on this thing at Circuit City. Anyway, it was alright...pretty 
Get a 2G!. Why would you want this item? Amazon is charging 50 MORE on this item than the 2nd Generation Shuffle! And, according to what I have read, THIS 
Helps, but could be better. This model helped cut down on marketing calls quite a bit, but I still get at least one per night. The new model is a 
1080p a bit misleading. I have gone thru 2 of these sets i am returning the 2nd one for repair. I bought it stictly as a monitor for my computer, 
Poor support for defective mapping engine. If TomTom s maps fail and you submit a bug report, the nice support site sends you to TeleAtlas s site which promptly CLOSES 
Sounds awful. Picked these up last night and they really sound bad. There seems to be a lot of artifacts in the sound from the digital signal processing. Also, they 
very good hardware but poor software. Given the price, the quality and performance of this multi-function printer is very good. Scanning speed, especially that for black-and-white document, is among the 
Does not fit. Have a Zen Vision M and this thing does not fit. It is about 4mm too wide and 2 mm too tall to fit on the screen. 
Packaging Needs To Be Improved!. This item arrived in a box with very little cushioning material for its weight. The spindle was dammaged and a few the DVD s were 
TomTom iPod Connect Cable and Audio Cable. This was a useless purchase -- the sound is filtered through the TomTom and not through the speakers of a vehicle as expected; 
Fairly cheap. The construction is pretty poor in my opinion. Bought these for my boys to play with and they didn t last a month. The boys are 10 and 
never again!. I purchased this MP 780 Printer in May 2006. 6 Months later the problem began. The only color that the printer was able to print was basically black. 
Dissatisfied. This product is NOT what I expected. Unlike my old VHS cleaner rewinder this one does not use a cleaning solution and does not clean the VHS tapes as 
Very poor handling and Product. I have bought the GPS recently - and it took me a good week to set it up - coz the GPS just wouldnt connect 
Dim, didn t stick, dinged my laptop. I bought this thing to stick on the underside of the hutch over my desk. I was very disappointed in the dimness of 
DO NOT BUY !!!. I bought my X5 in early October of 2005 and after about 6 months its been nothing but problems. In under a year I have sent 
Too bright! Not for light sleepers!. We have had ours for almost a year - it still works great, but there is one big problem - the display is a 
Not Just Junk-Worthless Junk. This was the worst item I ever paid over 200 for. Maybe got 20 hours of use-at most. Mintek Digital did not back their product. I 
Wouldn t Buy it Again. It gets the job done, good for airpland travel but that s about it! I don t have too much good to say about this 
Mouse click problem. I am very disapointed with this product.The mouse reacts on every 3rd click.I am not alone who has this problem, so the only thing i can recommend 
Almost Empty ink tank. This cartridge with tank came with my printer when I purchased it and if I didn t know better the box had never been opened and 
Just OK for wireless!. Had this set of speakers for close to a year now. They really are nothing special for the price. ONE problem is when running them on 
Not all it s cracked up to be. I was excited about this product and couldn t wait to get it. Got one on Christmas and well...hmmm. after trying it 
Three problems in less than a year. Malfunctions:1. The port for connecting to a PC became loose and unreliable, frequently disconnecting while I was trying to transfer music.2. The little 
Doesn t Even deserve One Star. Got it in December; CD player stopped working in April and now the radio reception is so bad I m tossing it. Can t 
Translator makes it difficult. The Franklin TG-450 Translator is difficult to use and would be impractical in situations travelers get into. There is no way to get the proper translation 
was mine defective?. The one I ordered works, but the plastic nub in the rear of the unit I received has a slightly-flawed location. The nub is intended to insert 
After 7 months the player stopped spinning the DVDs. Why a player can t keep running for as long as computer DVD players is beyond me. I didn t really 
Great idea, poor sound quality. I bought this product a couple days after getting my TomTom 510. Great idea and I like it for the most part, but I experience 
RIP-OFF: Doesn t advertise that you need an AC adaptor. I would like to believe that this hub works well- but I wouldn t know. I bought it to reduce 
Difficult to use and defective. I ordered this for Christmas from a Marketplace Seller. It was defective and assumed I would have to deal directly with Philips to get a 
It simply doesn t work!. Well, I m certainly disappointed. I bought this for my mom, who has advanced Parkinson s and can t control her hands easily. When we 
Very Dissapointed. I have never written a review like this before but felt compelled to do so in this case. Those considering purchase of this printer should be aware that 
Beware! custom cartridges are not full!. There is a reason that the value pack is so much cheaper. The cartridges are not full! I just got off the phone with 
Could be better. I m not an audiophile and have no complaints about the audio quality. However, I found the active noise cancellation to be less effective than I hoped. 
Power out takes out phone. I ve had the Uniden phone for 2 months now. It worked fine until today - nothing special but a solid phone. After today s 
Again, Monster has to be kidding and they are . For some years I tried this and other Monster products, to the tune of over 1000 in Monster a v 
Be Warned!. These Xtreme cd cases STINKs,literally! I don t know what kind of plastic material they are using and if they are toxic, but the smell is absolutely nauseous. 
Cheap and Toxic?. For the price this is not a bad keyboard. Here are the two major problems I have with it:1 The feel is nothing like a real piano. 
Bought two, and neither lasted. It is plain and simple, I bought two of them, and neither went for more than a month. I have a Belkin now, and it 
Completely without Value. This router drops my connection every few minutes. I ve spent hours on the phone with Belkin and replaced the whole thing. A quick internet search finds 
Dead Pixels. I purchased this TV and it was delivered yesterday and I already have a dead hot pixel. It s a spot on my screen that is permanently white. 
Lasted 1 month. This product looked light it was one of the best made USB lights fans out there except the light and the fan burned out after 1 month 
Of dubious quality, with faulty sectors. It s always hard to judge product quality from anecdotal evidence, but I purchased one of these in mid 2006. On using it, my 
Problematic and restrictive. I ve found the BEFSX41 v2.0 to be very problematic. With firmware version 1.50.18, some distributed network software such as bittorrent will cause the router to reboot 
sucky. it doesn t really work. I mean, unless you re in a call center lined side by side. but if you re in an office setting, nope. doesn t 
Did not deliver. I purchased for about 8 the 1-year Replacement Plan for Electronics Products on 07-06-2006 and after one call on about 08-06-2006 to the seller I still have 
Great While It Lasted... I ve had my Micro for over a year now, and when it worked, I loved it! However, I m having the notorious ear phone jack 
Buy with peace of Mind and Loose all your data with scary mind. I bought this item with good price. Good deal for the space 300GB. Moved all personal videos 
the pedal kills the product. this is a great little drum set for beginners or kids to play around on, except for ONE REMARKABLE FAILURE. the pedals return inconsistant multiple 
Waste of money. This is a complete waste of money for a number of reasons.1. This hub will not work with any USB powered devices. So forget being able to 
DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!!!!!. Newsgroups are full of HORROR stories about this piece of junk. Cisco Linksys should be ashamed of themselves for continuing to ship these. Many 
EXCELLENT, but the HDD is a no go. One star for the problem with the micro HDD, causes the entire player to be a bust FOR ME.I am a long 
Half baked. I ve had this radio for a year. Good retro looking, good sound. But all those people who call it s reception excellent must be on something. The 
Do Not Buy The DVC-1100!. I have to admit, the main reason I purchased 2 of these DVC-1100 s was because of the stellar reviews posted here on Amazon. I 
The Tech Support issue. I have talked numerous times with support center from India and Philippines. They were all trying to help, however, they do not know what causes the 
hello kitty is a cute cat, but not made for electronics. I was very disappointed that this item did not meet my expectations. It failed to play music, and was 
INSIDE SEAMS SCRATCH THE CD. The manufacturer could have easily glued the seams outside the envelope but the way they designed these Burlington envelopes scratches the cds as you slide 
Dated design, better units available. I purchased one of these when new back in 2004. The unit has worked ok for me, with the main quirk being about once every 
Totally Uncomfortable. I never put on headphones that were so uncomfortable. I would recommend them to my worst enemy but probably no one else should buy the until they redesign 
Kingston 2 GB SD Memory Card. This SD would not work in my Nikon Coolpix S6 camera but the Fuji and Sandisk product did  
You Have Got To Be Kidding Me!. This is the worse P.O.S. I have ever seen sold by anyone online. This item is very dirty, scratched and nasty looking. I 
Bad Battery. What a lousy battery.Used it on my clock and it leaked.I would never use it again. ..  
As great as this product seems, do NOT buy!. I bought this DVD recorder because it was one of the few that recorded onto virtually every format. Plus, it s 
Misleading Picture. Don t be confuse by Amazon s slick pictures. The transmitter for the Sony Wireless Speaker is not included. Misleading advertising. Couldn t tell you if the speakers 
C84 Printer is a piece of junk. I just replaced all Epson color cartridges. But I cannot print in any color. The printer is only one and a half years 
Built in self destruct. Our company bought two of this model in 2005 for our new branch office. After we set them up, it works just fine. We didn t 
Total rip-off. In the ten minutes since I ve had it out of the box two pieces have fallen off. More importantly, It can t handle large manuals as advertised. 
SD cards don t work in this printer. Was ready to buy the R380. Our Kingston SD card did not work in the display models at BestBuy and CompUSA.The Pic 
Disappointed Based on Reviews Read. Bought them to replace a 15 year old pair of wall mounted Hitachi speakers. After a side-by-side comparison prior to wall mounting the new ones, 
Ink Succubus. I used this printer about 20 times to print mostly black text titles on CDs. The printer then refused to print anything and showed the printer as being 
Great receiver with a stupid problem. I just bought this from Amazon and have had it a day. Everything seemed great, it sounded great with all my sources, and it 
Poor Quality. The ear phones broke the first week I purchased the device. Don t waste your money  
Buy Palm USB Charger Car Kit. I have a USB AC charger and car charger that came with my Palm PDA, and they work just fine with my Nano. Don 
Frustrating. When this product works, it works. However it will occasionally shut down and then the only way to reconnect is to shut down the whole computer. If you are 
Disappointed. It does not explain that this is two items at the cost of 3.99 each. I thought I was purchasing one item for 3.99  
Don t buy it, PLEASE!!!!!!!!!. I bought it from Tomtom web page I own an ipaq hw6515 never had a problem with the Navigator 5 previus version in more than 
The screen is the only thing it doesn t protect. I originally was in the market for some sort of case to protect the easily scratched screen of my creative 
Be careful of what you think this is.. First of all I thought Sat radio advertised Commercial Free radio was that. IT IS NOT AT ALL!!!! In fact I spend 
Disappointing. I purchased this item as a Christmas present for my husband, and it did work well at first, but within one week we found that it was locking up 
not functioning. First few weeks it worked, and now we really needed it when driving in remotes areas, 3 hrs away from home through a snowstorm.......it gave up working and 
Unreliable - drops connection. While I have been very pleased with the performance of this product, configuration and setup was very easy, and even updates to the device are easy 
Won t Bridge!. I bought this AP to bridge to the Belkin Pre N router which I like alot. It didn t work! After an hour trying to set it 
Wont work for me. I have not been able to get this to work again. It was great for the first week, then it made my computer crash and now 
Beware!. I ordered this item from Electrogalaxy through Amazon.com and received a 110 volt power cable. I m not sure what it would fit.Electrogalaxy did not respond to my emails 
Horrible Design--Bring Back the 15c!. The design looks like a junior marketing director s failed attempt to make a cool looking calculator for the student demographic. The problem is, science 
Broken within hours. JUNK!. I ordered this item after reading the positive reviews here. BIG MISTAKE. Upon setting everything up, it all worked great for about two hours... then the 
this is one consumer hostile company. This product came lacking cables and proper documentationI have tried over 18 times via email and phone to get the proper items from the 
Wrong USB Type!. I bought this Bluetooth adapter to print from my laptop without cable. When I received the adapter I couldn t plug it to my printer because, as 
Nothing to protect the screen. I purchased this skin primarily to protect my iPod s screen--I ve seen other skins with clear plastic shields to cover the delicate screen area, 
Didn t work for me. Let me start by noting that antennas are finnicky devices. What works in one location may not work at all in another location.I am located 
peice of crap. this thing doesn t work, nothing but black and white image and off center. my video card is ntsc like it said but won t work on 
Don t buy if you use the number pad a lot!. I love the mouse, but the number pad on the keyboard is terrible! The keys are so low, that 
Very unhappy with product. I was interested in the gigabeat, since I did not want to have to conform to IPOD. The reviews were good. First problem is the battery 
Garbage sound quality get what you pay for. I had a pair of Jensen headphones that were similar to these that got worn out and broke on the side wish 
Doesn t come with low profile bracket for your Dell Optiplex. Enough said - Netgear can t add 5 cents to the their cost to provide a low profile bracket? 
Save your money!. It s a nice look, but it tips over very easily. It is not steady on a rug surface dispite what the picture on the box shows. 
A surprising disappointment from a usually stellar company. I m a seasoned graphics pro who always reads the manuaI, and have owned several previous models of Wacom tablet. For the 
Please Read this before you invest your cash in this product!!!!. First off let me state for the record that I only buy Sony , but I have toadvise you 
Careful if buying this. The description does not make it clear that this ONLY works for heating applicances between 500 and 1600 watts. You CANNOT use this for computers, lower-wattage 
Energizer rechargable batteries are great, so don t ruin them with this charger. I chucked this battery cooker in the trash. 15 minute chargers cause the batteries to become very 
Completely uncomfortable. I find these ear buds to be absolutely uncomfortable. I would rate the product a zero if it were an option. I can t even use them because 
serious drop in quality. I have always been a fan of Sony because they make quality products that are user-friendly . That is why I was in a state of 
Not worth it for my layout. I bought the HGA7S for use with my Linksys WMP54GS, and at the same time bought the HGA7T antenna pair for use with my 
The good gone bad. I m afraid I have to agree with the other previously happy Memorex users in noting that Memorex quality success rate has gone downhill. I was 
Not very indestructible. I got one of these in December, and two weeks later, the end broke off after a short less than three feet fall from my pocket while 
No drivers for other software. Very disappointed with this purchase. Their Tech Support was pretty good although they couldn t help with drivers for other software. I wanted to capture 
Excellent sound, Bad design. As most anyone will tell you, these speakers do have excellent sound and if you re just going to set them up on your desktop, then 
DON T TRY THIS AT HOME with a MAC . I purchased this item less than a week ago from a local retail chain. It did not occur to me 
Overpriced. As for digital technology, monster cable has once again ruined the marketplace by greatly over estimating what their products are worth. The great difference with the digital output inpt 
Small but deadly. Being a graduate student and living in an apartment, I was hoping to find a cheap printer that would allow me to print off course materials and 
worthless. Save your money. These cleaning wipes left streaks all over my monitor. A complete waste of money. The monitor looks worse than before.I d give it ZERO stars if 
Hard to rate; didn t arrive in working order. It didn t work properly from the time it came out of the box. The carousel wouldn t make a complete 
Had a problem after a week. At first I loved the compact iAudio player, but after the first week, the earphone input hole in the player , didn t hold 
absolutely not dependable -sound very poor. Purchased MD761 and 4 ea MD71 for throughout house because Patricia wife in wheelchair and on oxygen 24 7. She could beep all phones 
Nice Phone, But Lacks Some Essentials. I have to agree with everyone. Two lines are very nice, but the lack of a mute button makes this phone unusable for conference 
Worthless!!!. I bought the ADS upconverter because I bought a HDTV only to find out that my cable co. didn t offer HDTV and after 3 failed attempts to switch 
Not a good product. The FM tuner would not bring in a clear station without interference from nearby stations. The radio part, hence, was worthless. The speakers are sub standard, 
It works okay, but I may return it again. Bought this for my wife for x-mas. It didn t play the dvd-r burned discs from a quality dvd recorder. I 
Good while it lasted. Bought this drive primarily for the 5 yr warranty. For the 2 years it was in service, drive was error free and operated relatively noise free. 
so sad. as you ve read previously, this is such a terrible drop in quality for Sony. i don t know what it was. i m guessing they re sacrificing 
I m hoping there are better cases out there. I ve never submitted a review before to amazon, but this case annoyed me so much I thought I d write 
Doesn t work with my printer. What a disapointment! I got it because it was suppose to be faster to download. Its not compatable with my HP photosmart printer. I 
Poor Quality Unit - ZERO Tech Support. I bought this unit and noticed the low volume motorboat noise almost immediately. E-mailed tech suppport and was told to phone the tech 
did not get it in the mail yet. I have been charged however I did not get a copy of the policy to date.  
Never recieved any repalcement paln information. I never recieved any replacement paln informtion regarding my warenty. I had customer service email stating they would send me the paperwork for the 
Terrible... want to throw it in the trash. But I won t because I paid good money for it. As you can see from the other reviews, the speed on 
Don t even bother. Like others here, I bought these to replace my ipod s headphones after they got damaged. I am completely unhappy with them. Here s why:1. Poor, 
STOP!!! Arrived Broken......Amazon Honored Refund Quickly. I thought this TV would serve all our guest room needs.....seemed to have everything. And Toshiba ....well, I was pretty excited!It arrived just fine 
Um, bad?. Poor quality little buds. I just bought them for the rubber earhugger piece to be used with other phones  
Fan buzzes loudly on both of mine. Not recommended. The fan has a tendency to come unbalanced and start buzzing loud enough to be heard in the next room with 
Annoying. This thing gets very hot and requires reboots quite often jsut like others have said. No firmware updates for it either. Get it together D-link  
Requires constant power cycling to keep it up. This router has been in operation for about 3 weeks. When it is functioning correctly, it is a pleasure to use. Unfortunately, 
Not for children. I didn t know there was a Parental Advisory on this cartridge until it arrived. Clearly not suitable for children. Also, I didn t know any of 
Doesnt work w wireless phone. Used a Panasonic 2.4Ghz phones as the extension and it would not get a dial tone. Plugged in a simple corded phone and it worked 
bad quality, stay away from them. Some of the worst DVDs that I have purchased. I wouldn t waste my money on any more of these POS discs. I wish 
Less than honest representation. I bought this to work with my eMac 700. It met all of the system requirements given. What wasn t said was that it wasn t 
COBY Portable CD Cassette Recorder. We used the CD player one time. The next time we attempted to use it, it would not play the CD. We ended up having 
Crapped out on me. Sure enough, I tried to get away cheap, and got bit in the you-know-where for it. Three months after buying it, the card is unusable. The 
Check compatability. The item was not difficult to install but the adaptor plate did not fit my tv so I called peerless customer service and they had one sent to 
Bad Product and Bad Service. I bought this preamp to connect a turntable to my computer to record LPs. It worked fine for the first two records, but the left 
Too hard to use. I got mine over a year ago and it s been on the shelf collecting dust most of the time. It was very difficult to work 
Too directional dependent. This antenna is too directional dependent. Almost always I have to re-adjust its orientation to obtain better reception on any one channel. In addition, if you live 
Too much money for so little quality. If the sound quality that you re looking for can be equated with an old mini-transitor radio, you might be pleased. Even so, 
Compatibility Issues Galore. I previously attempted to use this device with my Mac Pro. I run the machine with Windows XP and Mac OS X Tiger.With Tiger, the machine refuses 
Compatibility is a Nightmare. The Amazon compatibility block says it works with Sportrak Color but the online Magellan site for getting an unlock code doesn t provide an option other 
Does Not Work. The 3M Privacy Filter does not work unless you are at a 50 degree angle or more to the screen. Otherwise you can see the screen. You 
Worked, but didn t hold in place. I bought this product to took my ipod up to my laptop which only has USB input and not firewire. It worked but 
NOT Good Long Term. I have had my mouse for about 8 months and it is broken. The L shaped design for the thing you hook to the computer is 
Don t get sucked into this. I ve owned mine for 2 months and all of that time has been spent driving around with it in my car trying to 
Okay product but too loose for someone with smaller arms. I wish the velcro portion was a little more substantial on this product. I have to put the cuff over 
Professional Heavy Backpack. I purchased the backpack and thought the many compartments would be great. However there is not as much room for documents and folders and I thought. The 
Should be categorized as toy . I wanted an inexpensive, small device that I could keep in my backpack with addresses and telephone numbers, and synchronize with a master that 
Extremely expensive to operate. This thing makes great photo prints, and does an acceptable job with black-and-white plain-paper output.But it costs an arm and a leg to operate. After I 
Not Universal. I am not complaining about the quality of this product, as it seems to be made well. However, it is not universal as the company states. I thought 
Disappointing performance. Returning this antenana because the performance was actually worse than the tiny standard Apple G5 antenna with its theoretically less advantaged placement under a desk. Mac Stumbler rates 
Not as impressed as everyone else. I have found that this cable does not fit snugly to maintain a good connection. It tends to wiggle part of the way out 
Not supported with vista. Would not install drivers on Windows Vista Laptop. Linksys wont support this either and blew me of  
The Worst CD-Rs I Have Ever Used For Audio CDs. I have been using CD-Rs since 1999 and have never had as much of a problem with CD-Rs as these. 
Expensive to own, and heavy to carry in for repairs. After 15 months of no problems, the picture turned black, no picture but had sound. I had to have the 
Great Video, poor audio. Got the Archos to be able to take it with me when I travel for work and have movies on my flights. The recording with the 
Poor Quality Control. I tried setting up the router, but was unsuccessful. The web interface didn t work with IE7, and web pages were being displayed garbled. I had to 
Cover tedious to apply & requires constant readjustments. Quality cover protects all elements of the Ipod G5 Video. My problems are 1 the rubber skin is difficult to pull on 
bad. constips extremely easy on carpet and if you have a lot of cds stacked at the toppoorly designed, it is a vertical cd rack that doesnt have individual slots 
Poor quality and DivX problems...returned unit. I was very excited about this unit when I ordered it, but the pixelation was very bad due to the variable bit rate VBR 
Fax machine by Brother. I was disppointed to find that this machine takes a ribbon type cartridge good for approx 80 copies at 26 bucks a pop. I guess that 
No battery charger!. I don t want to rate this product, since I haven t used it. I had to, though... I just wanted to share with everybody that this 
Disappointment. I was very disappointed and so was my little granddaughter to find that her much-anticipated Christmas gift didn t work. It was taken to a nearby department store for 
FM Modulator. The device did not work well in my area. I could not get it to hold a station without fading and static. I tried all of the presets 
The cover scratches my MacBook. I bought one of these when I bought my Macbook to keep it in pristine condition, just a few months ago. I just popped it 
never again !. i purchased this product for my daughter for christmas. what a mistake.. after appoximately two months this expensive novelty stopped working. we sent it back to creative 
Not outstanding, then problems!. We had this switch for about a year. It worked well, but was not exceptional. This week, two of our workstations couldn t connect to the 
Doesn t Last Long!!!. This drive is not reliable. Read the other reviews here. Mine died exactly 7 months after I bought it. No chance to recover the data on 
Not a good choice for me. This product was not very good at all. I live in North Jersey where the signal for common metro area stations are poor. My 
Breaks easily. I was happy with the noise canceling features, not the best but definitely works. Great for airplane rides - really helps cut out that background engine noise. My 
Note Type M and H xd cards are incompatible with some card readers!. Note Type M and H xd cards are incompatible with some card readers!I have a Fuji camera 
Needs constant adjustment. For the money it is okay - but sems to need constant adjustment. Would set it for a channel then come bak later in the day and 
Good look but poor performance. I bought this fan mainly due to the positive reviews here. However, I decided to return the fan for refund on the very first day 
range unacceptable. Maybe OK for around house but barely works 1 2 mile from radio to radio. OK for around the house but we have trees and whatever else seems 
Awful treatment from Service. When the unit stop working after 3 weeks, we returned it under warranty. Althught the warranty that came with the unit said nothing about return shipping, 
Worked for a month. The cable failed after a month. No idea why, but could be because it cost ten dollars. Oh well, back to analog  
Scroll wheel is loud. I bought this instead of the basic Microsoft mouse because it looks better. However, the scroll wheel is not very smooth and really loud. I am 
Avoid at all costs. This combo cable gateway and wireless router seems like a dream come true. Instead, should you fail to heed my warning and purchase this item, you 
Worse HP Product I ve come across. Ihave always relied on Hewlett Packard to give me decent products so when I needed a new scanner, I went for this model, 
mcm 530 phillips. I had the same problem with the CD s getting jammed... I had already changed it at BestBuy for a new one and it happened again....good luck 
It Sucks!!!. This phone is nothing like I thought it was going to be. First of all, it is so light, it feels like a toy. When I drop it, 
Problems with cord. I installed the card and my computer recognized it just fine. However, the computer wouldn t recognize anything that I plugged in using the firewire cable. So 
About This Thing. This product is not for the heavy handedafter 2 weeks of use one of the slots was non functional because spring leaf to hold the card against 
Bad Disc Error - possible fix. BAD DISC ERROR - possible fixAfter about 8 months just like the other reviewer it stopped working.I kept getting bad disc error on a 
Bad Investment. This item works great when it works. I purchase this item and the Bluetooth transmitted ceased functioning in less than 30 days. The company which I purchased it 
Not very good. At times it doesn t work right. You have to play with the buttons, it acts like the battery is dead, but I tried 3 different new 
Compatible?. I am sure this product works wonderfully with most devices, however, with my Panasonic SV-SD80 MP3 player, this product was not compatible. I could still transfer files to it 
CD player doesn t work along with other problems. The first unit I got wouldn t charge the ipod nor would the cd player read any cd s. Called iLuv 
Great picture, poor audio. I recieved the MPD-1770 as a Gift, in Dec, 2005 and the unit was rareley used, except on short trips, Two weeks ago I bought a 
Great Little radio. I have had this radio for about six weeks and I really like it. After really listenning to to world I got hooked and could not stop.Lots 
Can not Fix on Laptop. Disappointed as it does not fit on Laptop, it falls down when i fix on my Dell laptop Lid and Zoom is not close ... 
Doesn t fit new 80 gig very well. Like the heading says, this case barely fits on my new Gen 80 gig iPods, bulging at the seams and not totally 
didn t help. this item didn t help my toshiba laptop, but that s probably more the laptop s fault. the fans are faulty and overheat, like in every toshiba 
Kingston 2 GB SD Memory Card. This SD would not work in my Nikon Coolpix S6 camera but the Fuji and Sandisk product did  
Broke Within Hours Of Use. End broke off in the lighter within a few hours use. Still waiting for a refund via Kensington. Pass on this one. It s JUNK. 
A large-capacity, comfortable backpack for Macs that doesn t provide as much protection as it should. A 17 Mac Book Pro or Powerbook fits nicely in this backpack, and there 
Misleading rebate promise. The player works as advertised, however I rate it only one star because of misleading business practices. The package promises a [...] rebate. When you click on 
Not a good case if you dock to speakers. I bought this attractive case from the TechNGnet whom I can t rate low enough for their return and shipping policies 
SPEAKERS ARE NOT WORTH IT. These speakers are barely audible. So not worth the money. They sound like you re listening to a speaker out of a soda can. I 
Similar problems to Andy Rosenblum. I had been having difficulties with my Sony CDPCX455 as well, everything from odd misloads to discs skipping, and decided to inspect all of my 
Not worth of money. If not for the integrated USB hub, it would be just another piece of plastic. Since it doesn t blow air onto the bottom of the 
not as advertized. This was advertised on the web site and on an e-mail sent to me by Amazon, that this unit will work with the eXplorist 300. This eXplorist 
Totally Disappointed!. Unfortunately,my Creative Zen V2 did not worked with my system. I even bought a new pc to see if the Creative would work at all, but it didn 
Poor audio. I bought these radio s as an upgrade to the Cobra FRS only that I had before. The range did improve - I have had as much as 
Look elsewhere. I bought this from Amazon, it arrived, I used it to try to fix two discs. The product seems to work only closer to the center and does 
Warning. I have 8860dn - it based on the same engine as this one, the only difference - wireless. So here is my experience - hope it will be helpfull.I 
Great flexibility, poor manufacturing quality. Although these cables give you a lot of options, the spring-loaded storage discs are rather poor in quality. Getting the cables to retract fully takes 
Doesn t work. I was very disappointed when I got to South America and went to curl my hair and nothing happened. Take a look at the product specifications. It 
Harmful product!. I was very dissappointed in this product. I chose it over other cases because I thought it looked more durable and of higher quality. I was wrong, after 
Made to work with Windows?? Not!!. Never could get this to work with Windows Media Edition. After hours of trying and multiple tech support contacts from Creative I finally got 
doesn t hold any info!. i have 3 phone numbers for many of my friends, but this organizer only lets me enter two of them. plus, after you enter the 
IRX Leapfrog is a dud. I bought this thing and it does NOT work. I have used other extenders before that DO work in my house. This did NOT work 
it s pretty but it doesn t work. if you find a free frequency it work well, if do not you spend a lot time to find it  
Concerns about the Brenthaven Edge I Sleeve. I just received the Brenthaven Sleeve for the Black MacBook that I just boughtfrom Amazon. I wouldn t call it a sleeve because 
Use to be a good value. I ordered this same cartridge in June and paid 13.68. It was a good price and I was happy with the product. When I 
BUYERS BEWARE. I PURCHASED THE SANDISK 1GB FROM EEK TECHNOLOGY FOR MY CANON POWERSHOT A510. THE PACKAGE ARRIVED PROMPTLY AFTER BEING CHARGED 12.00 FOR SHIPPING AND HANDLING WHEN THE ACTUAL 
DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE. THIS IS THE WORST SOUNDING GUITAR IN THE WORLD. I WAS LOOKING FOR A CHEAP GUITAR BECAUSE I WASN T REALLY SERIOUS IN 
Okay for iTunes, not okay for much else. I purchased this remote for use with some research software I run on a Windows XP machine. The software seemed to allow 
HARMON CD PLAYER. We installed unit at customer s office, the player jammed and we couldn t play or get CDs out, manfaturer said to open unit to remove and 
Mine was faulty and some other notes. Most annoying thing is that I hooked up through HDMI for 2 of my components however this receiver requires you too also hook 
Lasted 1 month. This product looked light it was one of the best made USB lights fans out there except the light and the fan burned out after 1 month 
EMARTBUY = INCOMPETENCE. It s been over 19 days since my SanDisk 512MB Transflash card was shipped from EMARTBUY and I still have not received my order. When I contacted 
JUNK, JUNK, JUNK-STAY AWAY. I bought this as a travel charger for my Blackberry. All I can say is awful, awful, awful. I followed instructions in the manual which are 
not real happy. My hubby bought this for me for xmas this year & I thought I was doing something wrong, until I read the other review. I am having 
Poor Audio Quality & Limited Navigation. I love my TomTom 510. I love my iPod. So I thought, Hey, a match made in heaven! Not so much. The audio quality 
It worked for 2 days!!!!!. NIce little item-but it only worked for 2 days when it lost halfof the screen. Contacted company J&R and they said it was within 30 
We ll never know if it would have worked. Maybe this product is terrific at what it does, once configured. My experience with Belkin tech support, the documentation, and the 
Sony Software is the Culprit. Good thing first, efficient on battery,convenient and compact..doubles up as flash drive and no cables except headphone to carry around to charge. Thats it.As most 
What a waste... First off, the ipod jiggles no matter what you do, secondly, it doesn t stay straight on the power plug, it constantly tilts the whole thing ...not 
Decent when it worked right. Not sure if I just got a lemon or what but would never purchase this player again. It worked right most of the time, but 
Doesn t Really Make A Difference. I use a laptop since I am always on the go. I noticed that my laptop often gets hot since it is on all 
Just plain horrible!!. I bought 2 of these and they are horrible! Youu put them in and they sometimes work and sometimes dont its such a pain in the arse! 
Another Fuse... It came with the stickers all peeling off. Used it for about a month and the item failed on me. Then the bad news, it blew the fuses 
When it worked. The Micro has some excellent features at the right price. But it fails to work all the time. First it was the firmware, then it wouldn t 
Windows Laptop does not hibernate with this connected. Yes, it is quick to pick up signal but has one major problem and I guess it is with drivers that it 
Their support sucks big time!. If the support phone line is busy, you don t even get put on hold. You get a message to call back and it drops 
Not Worth It. I bought mine at Wal-Mart for 20, followed the instructions with two scratched DVD s from the library one badly scratched, the other still playable - and 
Clock fine, radio lousy. The clock itself works well. It did take till sometime during the middle of the night for the atomic time to connect we set a backup 
Drive did not recognize the discs. My Lite-On drive meets the required specifications for using these discs, but none of the discs are recognized. I even flashed my drive with 
Overpriced ! Get the Sonnet instead at half the price!. I don t understand why people spend money on this charger, when you can pay half as much for the 
Good spell checker but broke easily. We bought this spell checker for my daughter. She was able to more easily and quickly check her spelling without using a computer. But 
X2 Titanium 550W power supply. I purchased a ultra ULT-X2550P power supply 6 months ago for it design and warranty. The fan quit running and burned up the power supply. 
Only works on certain ipods. This item will only connect to ipods which have a power source receptacle on the top next to the audio output. Amazon was gracious in 
PAINFUL. I purchased 2 sets of these earphones for a 2 hour flight. My husband and I both used them, and we both took them out of our ears after 
Misleading. Everything is fine and dandy except the fact that it doesn t come with the USB cord to hook the printer to the computer, and that IS a LITTLE 
Lost Budapest Photos. I was in the middle of my second day of a long awaited trip to Budapest when this card died. I was using my new Canon Rebel 
Bad drivers for Windows XP x64 Edition. This product did not work as advertised under the Windows XP x64 Edition operating system. Despite using the very latest drivers, I get 
Very uncoomfortable, if your ear is small. I purchaced this earphone in order to substitute this pair with the original ipod earphone which keeps producing the very inconsistent sound. The 
Great for a while, and then not so good. This was a great mouse for about the first year I owned. After one year is when all of the problems 
How to trash 200 in 90 days. For the first few weeks it worked fine, however, it started skipping and stopping DVDs after two months. I called customer service on 
Hurts, Not Helps, Signal. I have 7 HD channels, and one of them is not coming in well off-air antenna . I bought this device hoping that would help that 
Buyer Beware. I had a zen vision M in pristine condition, and carried it with only a screen protector to protect it. Decided to get a case, didn t want 
Do not expect a lot. This product is probably good for high volume of scanning. lots of pages where missing few characters here and there is not a big deal. 
Just horrible. I am a gamer and i know a good controller when i feel it. This is a horrible controller. I mean it works well for maybe like a 
Worked for 2 weeks. Sound wasn t too bad for price. Tinny yes, but cheap. Used it a dozen times and then started having trouble getting it to play CDs. 
Seven Month Glitch. This television performed admirably for 7 months. Great picture and good sound. Now...it begins to whistle more and more loudly after being on for one hour. It 
Satisfactory but too slow. This DVR works ok. But when it is recording, forget about changing channels. It is really really slow and takes like forever to even receive any 
It does not work with IPAQ hw6515!. After upgrading from TomTom 5 to version 6 and even later after applying the 6.030 patch I noticed that the screen would completely 
Review. Do not buy this one. I bought this because i had to compensate for a few dollars to be eligible for free shipping. This product did not work at 
Problems. After 3 days of having this controller, it already started to have problems. The docking station would not pick up charges from the battery anymore making my controller useless. 
Better Products Available. This is kinda cheap. The case has very little padding. It s too large for the Explorist GPS. Batteries fall out of the interior pouch at times. 
Glitch Using ThumbDrive. I ve had several Lexar Secure II thumb drives. I purchase them because you can encrypt your data. Not many other thumb drive makers provide encryption software 
Own D-Link DI-624? Don t Bother with This Antenna. I have just now tested my signal strength at various locations with the D-Link DI-624 router s original antenna, and with 
Unbelievably bad. Whoever produced this software seems to have missed the point. There is no point in havng one VPN client on your machine that limits you to just being 
Check your ipod first. Have a second Generation ipod? If so, this is not the product for you. After buying my new green ipod I needed something to protect it, 
is it live or is it memorex?. I hope it s live because if it s memorex, it s crap! that s my latest opinion after using this product. I 
 Buyers Beware ! Check your camera model before you buy this. These cards only work with Camera that supports the Write Acceleration !! otherwise the speed is no different 
Bought a Lemon and Samsung Keeps giving me the Runaround. I would never buy this TV again or a Samsung product for that matter. I obviously purchased a lemon, have 
I would not buy. I purchased one from a local store not Amazon.com , brought it home and printed a photograph that I had previously printed on a Kodak EasyShare 
Overpriced. This item is just to expensive for what it does. If it were priced at about 125.00 USD I would say okay. I m going to return the one 
The Worst TV Ever Purchased. The ToshibaMD14F52 arrived defective. Some channels would not function properly - ghost images and snow on screen. We have direct connect cable with 5 other 
Linksys Wireless-G USB Well Known For Bugs. I doubt that Amazon will let this review go through.I got the Linksys compact Wireless-G USB Adapter and later found that it took 
Don t buy for your Home Theater PC. This remote is unreliable junk... well... let me rephrase... the remote itself is fine but the software that controls it is absolute 
Junk- stay away from this model!. Got my printer Dec. 31st and have been really excited about producing 12x12 scrapbook pages. Well it is Jan 24th and I just got 
Does not work in a Palm TX, IBM Z60m, Canon S2 IS, or Dell Inspiron 6000. I read the reviews for the TS4GSD150 the 4GB version of this card and 
Good hardware, bad software and support. I have been using this drive for 5 months and recently upgraded my computer to Windows Vista. As a result of the Windows upgrade, 
Very disappointing. Supposedly this baby has 4gb, but don t try to put more than 2gb on it. Twice now mine has has gotten irreparably confused when I tried to 
Missing Power Cord. Product came without a power cord. Disappointing, this is normally a standard item in all electronics. Paid extra for power cord and not to mention the inconvenience 
Dissapointing. So, I bought this a couple months ago. At first, I was in love. Great sound quality, and the surround sound aspect works well in FPS games. Also VERY 
Great in concept....Poor in reality. Why do I get the feeling that some of these later reviews were written by Kensington people? The fact is, this light has some unique 
Bait & Switch. I went online to Amazaon, a site I trusted, to locate an HD RADIO for my desk at work.This was listed as an HD radio; only after 
Garbage!!!. It may work fine for those who use ps2, but using usb it frequently locks up. I have my laptop and desktop plugged in, but if I unplug the 
Must be a better machine. Replaced an old Sharp fax machine with what I thought was newer and better machine. WRONG!! if you don t baby it , it will 
Not as Advertised. This product shipped to me as the TRU9465, which is a single handset system. I tried to look up the TRU9460-2 on Uniden s website and there 
It doesn t work for me. I am trying to get this to work for the last 2 weeks ... unfortunately without success. I bought the bundle #3 Bluelogger & 
so sad. as you ve read previously, this is such a terrible drop in quality for Sony. i don t know what it was. i m guessing they re sacrificing 
Designed by people who have obviously never used a microphone. First of all, and this is a big deal if you are planning to use this with a handheld mic, 
Piece of crap. If you don t like seeing the message Unable to connect to preferred wireless network, then don t waste your time with this God-awful piece of crap. 
Do not buy this card if you have NVidia chipset. Pros: Perfect sound, solved resampling issuesCons: famous popping crackling noises makes it useless for gaming, especially in BF2 which use 
WARNING - Disappointed in Hanns HW191D. WARNING - I received my Hanns HW191D monitor over a month ago. As of this date I am unable to get the 1440 X 
Meh. Pros: Good weight, easy to use.Top port useful for flash drives, etc.Cons: Mine died after a month of useBuilt-in, super skinny USB cable looks fragile -- if the cable 
poor reliability. First T5 lasted 6 months, then just refused to start - was replaced under warranty. This one locked up after about 3 months - was replaced again under 
What a disappointment!!!!. I made the mistake of purchasing the 4 handset version of this product before looking at any reviews. I thought Uniden produced quality products, but man was 
Just couldn t get it done. I m sure it would work well somewhere, just not for our small business. I put it behind an ADSL router and used it 
Cheap Item, Poor Software, Worse Support. I didn t purchase this one...it was a gift. I was hoping for a laser printer like one of the Brother All-In-Ones.I opted to 
Product stopped working. The first unit worked OK for about a month but then just stopped transmitting, if you unplugged it and plugged it back in again it would work 
Super difficult to use, not user friendly. We bought this for our daughter and my wife and I even have problems working it. It is verry un-user friendly. Hard to 
Player failed after 3 weeks of use, manufacturer received unit back 10 days ago and has still not given a date for replacement. Product : MP3 Players Sansa M200 Series 
ok. it does what it says it will do. hey, it transmits to the FM station that you set it to transmit on BUTTTTT... I live in houston and you 
WGX102 Fails every 4-18 months. Like so many others I found that the unit fails quickly. The original failed after 4 months. The replacement lasted only long enough to get 
Card Error. After serveral months of use, Card Error was shown on my Canon Digital Rebel for my 512MB Viking card, which was half full with pictures. Fortunately, I just 
Waste of money. I bought this cahrger and I was never able to use it!!!I even bought the correct tip for my laptop but I can t get it to 
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!. Received this as a gift. The reviews were excellent on iLounge and it looks pretty slick. However, as many others have noted, the volume controls 
Didn t work for me. I had the exact same experience as one of the reviewers below. Hooked up several different video sources and ran and HDMI cable to my 
Not An Exact Replacement. These are supposed to be a replacement for the iPAQR1950 stylus. Well, they are close, but not exact. They do not fit snug in the stylus 
BEWARE of Kingston REBATES!. Beware of KINGSTON rebates!Of course, I hope your experience would differ, if you were to buy Kingston product s , but mine was terrible.I bought a 
JUNK JUNK JUNK , unacceptably S-L-O-W. Easy setup, but who cares, when the end result is a very slow video. Sort of reminded me of Jim Carey in the movie 
RIP-OFF: Doesn t advertise that you need an AC adaptor. I would like to believe that this hub works well- but I wouldn t know. I bought it to reduce 
Awful phone, Awful Customer Service if you are on the West Coast. The phone has not worked since day 1. First the hand sets would not register. Customer Service hours 
muy malos. la verdad ami no me gustaron estos audifonos. son mejores los sennheiser.la voz no esta tan clarita conparados con los sennheiser.  
This Product does not work with my both my memorex drive waste of money and since I cant return dvds im screwed. I just got these dvd s today and 
Piece of Junk. This thing is a joke. It doesn t play loud enough except for low volume listening. There is no handle to make moving it easy. Cheap, flimsy 
should have paid more attention to the reviews here. It s a great looking monitor. I m not an expert so I can t compare the quality of the image, 
Buy Sandisk Instead. I recently received this as a Christmas gift, and it didn t work from the start. After much time wasted with their tech support the device was 
crash course in windows networking. I bought the card thinking it was a great deal. The card has a clunky and fragile rotating extendable antenna. Feels like it will break 
CD is good, radio stinks. The radio reception was good for about a month and then went south. No matter where I put this in my home it won t 
Lacking GPX radio. Like most GPX radios this offers much and doesn t deliver. Reception is very poor at best and the lack of batteries other than the built-in and 
not worth the price. Pros:1 strait-forward menue and easy learning curve2 Bright screen and clear voiceCons:1 price tag not justified w o text-to-voice feature2 Slow response in re-routing3 Lose signal 
Doesn t work at all. Terrible. Tried several positions flat and upright , nothing seemed to improve reception. May as well not have been plugged in at all. Let s 
Watch Out!. I don t dispute that Bose is a leader in speaker technology. But there is a reason this item is discontinued. It locks up when playing certain DVDs. 
Needs more QA During Product Development. We were given this as a gift by our child s aunt and uncle for use when travelling. They had the same model which 
If only it would install properly... I would have given it 0 stars if possible because not only were the cards hard to get working, but Netgear support proved to 
Amazon messed up. They listed the 49X and they shipped the 49A standard capacity , so like everyone else who bought this product, it is really the standard capacity toner 
Limited use. For those considering the purchase of this unit, keep in mind that only podcasts and videos will be displayed on your Tv. Menus and playlists will not.The very 
1 shortcoming only. Cons:Defect: the backlight does not work.Shortcoming: has Palm OS 3.1, an early version for Handspring Visors.Neutral: expedited Shipping time: 5 daysPros:PricePS: Vendor customer support contacted me and 
Re-manufactured!. The radio arrived in its worn and torn original box with a sticker that said it was a re-manufactured unit. Guess that s why it was 40. In my 
stand case. wow, how i can write a review about the item i have not received so far. i ordered this case on march 7th and to day is april 
Rather Disappointed. Pen doesn t work as fast as I thought it would have. Very slow to upload text to computer. I bought this for a law student and it 
Too fragile. I ve tried this one a few times, since I liked a previous model. These are way too fragile and the plastic near the joint has broken within 
This backpack didn t hold up. Pro sIt s really roomy.... ample room for my old brick of a computer Dell 15 inspiron 6800 and my tiny HP NC6230. Good 
Beware when using with WPA-Enterprise. We bought this AP to use with WPA Enterprise using a radius server and basically, it dosen t work. At first we couldn t get 
Ink dried up after weeks of no use. I very seldom print in color but since my OfficeJet comes with it, I used it occassionally only to discover that after 
Linksys just doesn t work - support is abysmal. This Linksys stuff simply doesn t work. And don t try getting technical support - it s a complete waste of 
Poor Connection. After using it three times, the music started cutting out. On the forth time Using it, my Sansa e260 would not play at all. When I jiggled my 
You get what you pay for. I bought two of these phones,mostly for the caller I.D. feature.The caller I.D. is hard to read unless you are in a well lit 
Fits well, terrible sound. I expected these earbuds to sound better than my original ear buds that came with my ipods, they did not.They sounded terrible and anything coming out 
very poorly designed headphones. 1. The cord between the two phones is too short.2. The coiled cord connecting the headphones to the ipod is too short3. the quality of the 
Doesn t Work. IF there was a lower rating than 1...... I would use it .It would not read my SD cards and to top it off now my card 
Don t Waste Your Money. I have been gravely dissapointed by these headphones. I expected much more from Bose, whose other products especially their iPod docking station are great.These were 
irock fm transmitter. Very disappointing. Poor range  
Tech Supports Phone Number is USA 919 376 1000. Helpful Tips in getting started with your NavMan Pin 570 SAVE YOURSELF SOME FRUSTRATION WHEN SETTING IT UP ! 1. DON 
Sounds great, CD player dies. Great appearance and sound, JVC has produced a nice sounding unit. Speakers look as great as they sound, no problem handling bass at loud levels. 
Only use where Explosions are acceptable. I used these batteries in a camera flash and they exploded leaving me with a paper weight. Try Duracell a much more durable product 
Poor Driver Support. I purchased this device for my Windows 2003 Home server in January 2007. I did not notice that the box says supported systems were Win XP, 2000, 
Does Not work for All-In-One Printers. Netgear cannot support all-in-one printers which have been on the market for years. This printer server will only support one way traffic. In order 
Quality and Design of Headphones is Disappointing. I bought these JVC headphones as I have a hearing loss and I always get complaints about the TV being too loud. I 
Package was open - God knows why. I received this product in the open state. Box was open. I checked inside to see if anything is missing, nothing was missing. 
Magellan 600 Poor customer service. I recently purchased an explorist 600. I have called customer service for advice on upgrading, adding maps, etc on this unit. Their customer service is 
these pictures are inaccurate. I bought 6 of these in a rush, as the first picture clearly shows a Targus laptop lock or a darn close match .I should have 
Useless. As far as I can tell this thing doesn t work at all. I have now tried it on 3 cds and it did not repair any of them. 
TomTom doesn t provide much customer support. I bought the original Tom Tom Go back in November 2004. Since then, my attempts to reach their customer service have all met 
What a big mistake!. This card didn t work at all. The installation went smooth on Windows XP, but whenever I attach any USB device to this card, it would 
Comfortable, Yes, but poor fidelity and lousy bass. Being new to the MP3 world the earbuds that came with our Zen Nano units are our benchmark. We think they are 
Magellan AC adapter 980663. It did not work with my Magellan Roadmate 2200T. The add did not specify that it only works for older models. I had to buy a 
Cute, but...... ....it s so inconvenient that you must remove the nano in order to charge it up. Had I known this, I wouldn t have purchased it! Would rather 
What a piece of junk!. My biggest complaint is about my ID display. The caller ID flashes for only one ring , then it says incoming calls I spoke to 
Epson R2400 Short Falls. I purchase quite a bit of equipment for my company and I have to say this was one of the more disappointing ones. The deficiencies in 
I returned this item...not functional. This item was not practical. It looked good but not being able to zip the sides all the way down because of the cute water 
they may be cheap now... I ve had at lest 5 pairs of these in the last 18 months and all of them have broken in someway most of the 
Not worth the money. I ve have been unable to use this item in my car since, as soon as I hit the slightest bump, it shuts off. I cannot 
No durability. I ve had mine since Nov 2006.At first I loved it! It charged fast, was just the right size, was easy to use.I have to say that the 
Now I owned a 800 piece of junk!. I agree that Olevia is pretty good LCD for the price when it works. But I want to warned you about their 
Product is not real. After i received the item the so called 4gb mini sd card i put the card in the card reader and it read 0 a big 
Less than optimal. There are better choices. At first glance, the comprehensive feature set for these phone is impressive, including such perks as wall mountable, room monitor mode if you 
It blocks all the time. I can t say the reason, but this card blocks all the time, after some days without use. For unblock it, I have to take 
Horrible personal experience!!. First of all the mouse pointer does not move cleanly its jumpy . The keyboard stopped functioning within a week after I bought it. But since Creative 
Stay Away from This Product. I ve had an SC101 for almost a year.When it works, it is SUPER. When it doesn t, support is poor and you are really 
never got to find out if it worked. In trying to get it set up, I went through multiple help technicians, most of whom were difficult to understand All that 
turns yellow. The clear part turns yellow and there s a thick filmy residual that remains on the fabric.it s ugly and obviously amateur looking. would give zero stars if 
Didn t seem to work. This disk has tiny, tiny little brushes on it. It didn t seem to do anything for my DVD player  
Buyer Beware!!. I bought one of these at Christmas for my wife. It died silentlyin 3 months, now it displays the time, but no backlight, it willnot play the iPod, 
nice but problems. The first CD-TV152 that I received produced no sound with TV. It was returned. The replacement produces no sound within seconds of starting the CD player. I 
Not so great. Should be called clip instead of case . Bought it for my wife - the pink just didn t match anything in my wardrobe...She uses her player 
HP Warranty Really Sucks - Beware, Should Be Zero Stars. My wife purchased an HP Photosmart 8450 Printer as a Christmas present for me. I installed it and it worked 
I was disappointed with this. I was more interested in a good alarm clock than the radio so I don t even know if it picks up stations in my 
Looks good, sounds terrible. So, in this case we definitely got what we payed for so it shouldn t come as a suprise. It looks swell next to the Tacoma 
iriver. Don t waste your money. What iRiver doesn t tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead, the system is useless. I will never buy one of 
Works only as a print server not with scanners!. I purchased this item with the express understanding that it would work backwards with my xerox scanner. It does not. After 
one more review to hopefully dissuade you from buying. There are already quite a few negative reviews on this router but just in case you are still considering buying it, 
No Cash Back Here!. Please don t expect to get the cash back from this purchase as promised! To date, I ve been denied twice. The second time they said 
Problems?. Has anyone else experienced the following ?: Used the first twenty or so in a stack of 100 without any problems, then have run into so far a run 
After 7 months - belly up. I bought this printer based on its good reviews. It does print beautiful photos BUT I haven t used it that hard for it 
How do you review it when you couldn t use it?. I reviewed this once before. The product was not the correct flash card for my Sony camera. I discovered 
Don t do it!. I am buying a second LaCie drive in an attempt to rescue documents that I thought would be safe on my original drive that has crashed 
Garbage - Buttons wore out in 14 mos. I loved this player until the day I really, really needed to use it for recording, when I discovered that the MODE 
Product Changed!. Memorex changed the cases in this package, yet failed to reflect this on the packaging. I purchased them at a local Office Depot. It s the one with 
RIP-OFF: Doesn t advertise that you need an AC adaptor. I would like to believe that this hub works well- but I wouldn t know. I bought it to reduce 
horrible. I doubt that they are all this bad. Maybe I just got &quot;lucky&quot;. The first time I put the tape in, the motor could hardly pull the tape. When 
Disappointed in sound quality. After reading the great reviews, I was really looking forward to using this small clock radio in my bathroom. I guess the reception was ok but 
Very Bad. This phone has a very static reception and you can not hear your caller very well  
Big disapointment. Along with reception of new HD stations I expected high quality FM & AM to go with my complete top line stereo system. Instead, the HDT-1 gives me 
Battery life - issues. I ve had this phone for nearly a year now, it has been hardly used, 3 hours per week the most and the battery died on 
Wow, that didn t last long. While I enjoyed this little light weight gizmo while it lasted, it didn t last very long. Within the span of a month it 
A lot of hype, but it quickly fizzled. Bought this product recently based on recommendations for an advanced math scientific calculator. Apparently, TI has almost all the schools eating out 
The wrong device. I used the splitter to send the signil of the dvd player and satilite box to the big screen tv. Forgot to turn off the dvd player 
The piece was defected. I purchased this item from Office depot. My item was defected piece which I returned. It cost me around 10 on shipping both ways  
Laser dies quickly. The control of PowerPoint is excellet except the blank screen button is often accidentally pressed during the presentation.The laser is very weak and dies often in the 
re: Absolutely terrible. To celebrate the anniversary of our company, we thought we d give all employees a gift. Our Apple phobic IT guys nixed the Ipod as a choice, 
Not so great. Had one of these fail on me after 1 month.Additionally, these cameras are NOT compatible with all USB 2.0 chipsets on motherboards. The device is simply unrecognized 
Good - should be 4 stars but I cannot change it... . Immediate first impressions: 1 headband is neat - very comfortable, 2 driver efficiency is very high - these 
YUK!. Not at all what I wanted. It is a plastic slip on that pushes the buttons when you don t want them pushed. Ordered 2 and plan to return 
Better to throw away your money. I had no luck contacting the manufacturer for warranty service. They ignore you. Emails unanswered. These are the cheapest mp3 players available, you will 
Lynksys Skype Phone. After buying this phone and having it for a few weeks, I was forced to return it due to the following reasons. All I tried to clear 
Great Hardware - BIG miss on the software. I ordered the Pepper Pad 3 and am in the process of returning it.The device is great from a hardware point of 
Incredibly inconsistent, and a waste for me. Out of the past 20 burns, I have only had 10 DVD s burn successfully. I use Roxio CD Creator version 7, which 
Stay away from this item!. Buyer beware! Item was shipped with a short in the electronics and had to return. Even though item clearly states that this is not returnable 
Maybe I got a bad one. I m getting too old to screw with stuff for hours if it doesn t work when it comes out of the box.....But I 
freezing computer. The software is freezing the computer, I tested it in my desktop and my laptop. And you can t transfer the files using the windows explorer, you have 
Not the greatest, and now dead. I ve had these speakers for three years now. Hissing, popping, not holding signal-- all that has been true from day 1. And tonight, 
Great Idea -- Bad Execution!. The Good:When I first heard about this board I was incredibly excited. I have been playing BF2 Battlefield 2 for almost a year now and 
Hard to rate; didn t arrive in working order. It didn t work properly from the time it came out of the box. The carousel wouldn t make a complete 
Didn t Work. Despite being a PC133 slot, this chip didn t work with my computer... when I put it in, the computer wouldn t boot, when removed, it booted 
All I get is noise. Unfortunately, at least for me, this mic performed poorly - had to return it. The only way to get a clear recording is to have 
don t waste your money. They clean the screen, so to speak, but also leave a slight film behind which can be seen when the monitor is off. It doesn 
waste of my money. If you are not an IT person you will need help setting up .Using D-Link customer service is a chore due to language issues .I bought 
Worse router EVER!!!. This router is horrible. It didn t work. After many hours on the phone with very very incompetent tech support they gave me an RMA and sent 
The cover scratches my MacBook. I bought one of these when I bought my Macbook to keep it in pristine condition, just a few months ago. I just popped it 
Same cheap junk as Grundig S350 !. Million-Dollar Looks for 100 - Analog w digital display receivers do not have the stability of digital phase-locked loop PLL receivers.I opened up 
Stupid thing has no snooze for the nap timer. The snooze bar doesn t work with the nap timer. Otherwise, this is just an average piece of junk alarm clock 
DIRTY TRICKS - Part 1. Straight off - when this printer detects that you ve re-filled an ink cartridge, it refuses to perform any further head alignments. Even though there 
Useless. I bought this item a wile ago and all the connection kit, but besides the poor information they give you, even in the linksys support, they dont even know 
D-Link Customer Service Is Terrible. I have a DCS-900W camera that failed within a year. After that, I made 7 calls to their customer service and tried to get it 
Very unreliable. Very unreliable .......... I have used DVD RW and CD RW Memorex disks on multiple computers and DVD recorders. I find that they.....1 don t last....get about 50 
try to buy another one!!. i will tell you why ... it sucks battery like a beast, and doesn t have radio... you could find somethig with radio at the 
Doesn t work for me. Didn t work for my SD Ultra II on either my iMac OS 10.4.9 or my Windows XP SP2 laptop. Exchanged for another. The replacement 
Thi suck very badly. Im typing this rview through my belkin omniview.I have impcbble spelling, but thfuing thing dropsalmost everkestroke. If you don t mind your writing loking like ths 
Incompatible with other vendors; poor signal quality. This is my second disappointment with Linksys products.I have purchased this AP to use in AP client mode connected to my Netgear WGR614 
They re fine, but avoid buying them from J&R. J&R packs them so poorly that over half of them were shattered beyond repair upon arrival  
The ultimate ink hog. This printer gulps down expensive ink at an alarming rate. I printed a dozen cd s and four 5 x 7 photos and it used about 
TABLE MATE A BIG DISAPOINTMENT. The Table Mate quality is much less then the commercial leads you to beleive. Very cheap and shakey construction. The clip that holds the adjustable 
Big Plugs. I have had trouble with both mini plug and RCA plugs. They are too large to use with my MP3 player and my receiver. They plug in part 
Good phone, one MAJOR flaw. This is a good phone, except it has one major flaw which makes it unusable. First off, a minor flaw is that it is hard 
HP 10 ink Cartridge system. This would be good if you were using up all the ink in each cartridge at least every 9 months or so. If you print 
not a terrific value. I thought I was getting a terrific deal on 6 ink tanks, they look exactly the same as those that came with the printer and those 
It should read 22 Capacity CD Plastic Storage. There are gaps above and below in the box which limit the capacity to 22 total individual CDs. If you have 4 
Not to be used with iPaq. This keyboard folds out well and I liked the feel of the keys.However, the IR connector needs to be in direct connection with the 
Easy as pie to use...but quality stinks!. It worked right from the get go as far as recording my VHS tape, very easy to figure out. And I had no 
Disappointing. I had the Keyspan plugged into the back of my computer which is set up next to my entertainment center. I wanted to be able to control the mouse 
Antonline. Antonline lies about their shipping to the US. I am in the US and they won t ship here. If these guys want to ship only to the continental 
Very Disappointed. After receiving this DRUM which was listed as having a 25,000 yield capacity, on 12 11 06....Today 1 15 07 my printer is giving me the same error 
Worst mouse ever. This is the worst mouse I have ever owned. Signal strenghth is terrible, scroll wheel is too slow, and the mouse is too heavy. Total waste of 
Fatally Flawed. An excellent idea, with a fatally flawed implementation. It appears to be a limitation of the midi controller - drums will fail to sound intermittantly.Since this appears to 
Very Poor Handset Volume. If you want to talk to some that is soft spoken you better not be using the ATT5995 or Handset590-3. Turn the handset volume up all 
Junk. I purchased one of these radios before Christmas and it works great. I decided I wanted another for work, so I ordered another one.I recived my radio a couple 
I am returning this item. I am returning this item because the handle screw doesn t fit into the popcorn pot. Has anyone else had this problem?  
An expensive disaster. I replaced 4 Novi units which had slowly failed over many years of use with 4 Reporters. Attracted by the true wirless nature of the reporter, I 
Router Resets. I ve installed this on 3 pc s and 1 network printer and have had problem with having to reset it. The resets were for not being able 
WHAT A CROCK OF BALOGNA!!!!. SURE THESE FLOPPY S ARE INEXPENSIVE...THEY ARRIVED ON TIME...THANKS AMAZON!!!!! BUT THE PHOTO DOESN T GIVE IT ANY CREDIT...THESE DON T COME WITH A PLASTIC 
Pristine HD DVDs will not play in this player. I find that about 50 of the Netflix HD DVDs that I rent will not play. These are pristine discs without 
Worst buy for sure. Very poor quality. Wires seems easily breakable and there are pointy edges on the earphones, which almost cut me when I tried them. Definitely would not 
does not work!!. With a full charge it does not last more than 10min, could not take more than more 15 pics in my camera Canon Pro1. The original battery 
Terrible!. First of all, despite the claim that it works with MacIntosh, it definately does not. There is a template that you can use in Mac with Word, Claris, and 
VPN incompatible with ADSL service!. What Linksys does not tell you on their website is that their box does not support PPPoA protocol used by Qwest and many other DSL 
Garmin motorcycle mount. I purchased this mounting kit to quickly attach my gps to my Harley Davidson for travel. The kit is misleading as a mounting kit . It does 
What a rip off!!. I purchased this product after quite a bit of research and after finding that it was finally available for windows I couldn t wait to get 
Constantly needs to be reset. Overall this item works as expected, but requires to be reset i.e. cycle the power once every 24-48 hours.I will be replacing it with another 
9 V Battery model. Despite the claim that both units take AA batteries, the unit we recieved takes 9V Batteries. That is somewhat annoying because one of the reasons we 
NOT A GOOD DESIGN FOR MANY REASONS. I purchased this Vantec product and used it for a short time. Most USB enclosures offer heat dissipation thru the metal case , 
Good product, forget about service. Good product, forget about service. I e-mailed InFocus about my faulty projector 8th January 2005it is now 7th January 2006 and I still do not 
Don t Waste Your Money. I too would give this 0 stars, both for the quality of the product and the non existent customer service. From the start this product 
useless. This item is completely useless. I ordered it, installed it, connected it, tried to use it..............no feedback. Adjusted the connection...............no feedback. Tried to use it with a learning piano 
Not a performance enhancer. The remote antenna for my Garmin grabs more satellites and increases performance. This antenna did not increase signal but allowed me to move the Magellan down 
dust covers. The dust covers were okay except the one for the monitor is way too big, I have a flat screen monitor and the one that was sent is 
CD changer died after a few months. The system looked great, and was a great price, but after a few months the CD changer died. And wouldn t open with 
BUYER BEWARE...CISCO JUNK. This MAY be a good product for the occasional user. However, if your small business depends on this, you are dead. This baby will crash, crash, crash 
Great Picture, Horrible Buzz. We purchased this TV with high hopes. Upon plugging it in there was a loud buzzing coming from the TV. I had a Samsung repairman come 
Spend a little more!. To the reviewer who wasn t able to see his own image, I recommend turning on the light in the room :o Pic is fine on 
acoutic guitar. I bought this guitar about a year ago hoping to just learn the basics of playing. When I first brought it home I didn t stop playing for 
Xtreme TB264DKO 264-Disc CD DVD Case - rebate problem. I also bought this item. Sent in all of the required documents, including original UPC. Rebate denied because UPC was not 
Extremely poor customer support. I purchased this item last August, it failed 6 months after purchase. It has one year warranty. I returned it to the manufacturer with all the 
KILLS COMPUTER UN-STOPPABLE SHRIEK ALARM. I mistakenly believed the hype that this thing would PROTECT my computer from BEING KILLED, but instead, this thing has KILLED my computer FOR THE 
BEWARE SAMSUNG DLP DESIGN FLAWS!!!. Consumers should be aware of serious design flaws which exist in Samsung DLP televisions. Cooling fans and color wheels are highly susceptible to failing. As 
Don t believe the Hype. [...]The mouse is larger than needed and lighter than the average mouse. I have dual screens and need an extra accurate mouse. This is NOT 
Brother brand labeling tape 3 4 . This is the OLD product...meaning that there isn t a crease in the back of the protective side of the tape. Therefore, it 
WHAT A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!. SPENT MORE TIME MOVING IT TO DIFFERENT LOCATIONS THAN WATCHING T.V. ITS A JOKE  
Doesn t work with my TIVO. I couldn t get the remote to work with my TIVO. That is why I purchased it,  
That s what you get for going the cheap route.... Ok, so this is probably not the best protection for your iPod, but what do you want for 6 bucks? 
Buyer Beware. I ve gone through three of these, and they all had the same problems. A quick view of these reviews and reviews on CircuitCity s website shows the 
does this work with desktop pcs?. I purchased this and shipped to US and finally had it delivered to India in gurgaon. Iam a musician and I desperately wanted a 
Not Happy. I have to say that I am extremely disappointed in this product. After just a few months with normal usage, I noticed small tears beginning to form around 
Franklin PageMark. This was a very disappointing product. I think it is a great idea - and bought 3 of them to give as Christmas presents. I m returning 2 
Totally disatisfied with battery life. I bought this Gigabeat last September. I haven t used it that much, but from the very beginning, battery life was just annoying: it doesn 
Sangean DT-180BK. Very poor FM reception spoiled an otherwise fine product. AM reception is good. Product design is good. I tried several different sets of earbuds and earphones, and could 
not compatible with all PC card readers. I have 4 different sources that read Memory Stick Pro. And, I have Sony, Lexar, Sandisk MS pro cards that read well in 
doesn t work right. I bought this to replace a tape clock radio that had died however this cd player is so sensitive the slightest scratch on the cd and 
Decent Card..Just didn t work on our laptop. TV tuner card was sent and received as stated by the seller. The TV card however did not work on our laptop 
Didn t last long because the amp blew. My son loved making lots of noise on this guitar but the amp no longer works after only a few months and 
too good but not true!. I did research for a dvd player combo that can convert my vhs tapes to dvd and also provide an upconversion for my dvd collection 
Text fades. I was happy with this product when I first purchased it but now I want my money back. I used the labels to put my name and contact 
Terrible product. I had a Pioneer real-time burner that I used for about 7 years prior to buying this piece of junk. The Pioneer unit worked fine until it finally 
Weak software, weak support and weak quality. I purchased a Explorist 400 wilderness bundle canada edition last week at wall-mart for 249 .After openening the package, i imediately notice the 
For urban use? Not a good choice. I ve owned this for about two years now. I don t drive, but I still have the same navigational issues that everyone 
Poorly constructed, Doesn t Work Properly. I purchased this item per other recommendations and that of Stereophile magazine, thinking that this would be useful for broadcasting iTunes and internet radio 
sell for a buck on e-bay. the plus side of rubber latex skin type cases is that they stretch to fit the player nice and tight. DOWNSIDES: dust and dirt 
Freezes all the time. I bought this HP iPAQ 2795 PDA few weeks ago. Initially, it intermittently started to freeze and also couldn t work with Bluetooth so I called 
Overpriced & Underperforming Catridges. I ve owned a new Epson C86 for 3 months now and have spent at least twice what the printer cost me. The magenta ink in 
The cover scratches my MacBook. I bought one of these when I bought my Macbook to keep it in pristine condition, just a few months ago. I just popped it 
Buyer Beware! Do NOT BUY This Item. Piece of Junk. This product simply DOES NOT WORK. I purchased this item about a month ago to back up my software on 
heres the downside. I paid almost 600 for the 14 version of this TV last year, and liked it fine until the DVD player lightly used eject function failed. The 
Very disappointed. I ve been buying SONY products for 30 years and I ve never been as disappointed as I am with this product of theirs.Besides the fact that I 
BAD. I bought this product and was very disappointed by it. Not only did it damage my head to my c.d. writter, it also destroyed my hard drive in the 
Doesn t fit 03 Envoy. I was so excited to get this for my iPod. I love listening to my music in my car, but was really disappointed when it 
MP3 problem with INNO. I purchased the Inno last week and I have returned it for the third and final time. I downloaded songs to the unit and it showed 
Cartridge wrecked my printer. My first two black 15 cartridges worked pretty well in my HP Deskjet 3820 then the third one started to indicate low fluid level and stopped 
junk drive. I use to Love Maxtor. Still Have one from 1999. so got this box hoping it would be a flexible way to go between two computers. Well, The 
Thank you, Bose!!!. ...they are now making me rich! How? I just made a bet with Trevor, a friend of a friend and formerly-proud owner of this Bose Companion 5 
Linksys BEFSR81 Cable dsl Route Ver.3. I am very dissapointed with this router. It has slowed down my connection speed to a snails pace. I downloaded the firmware upgrade and 
Disposable Charger. When I first got this charger and started using it I thought it was great. It did what it was supposed to do. Why the one star then? 
These will crack your CD s!!!. I ve purchased these double CD cases before. The problem is that the center piece is too big for the CD. As a result, 
Get what you pay for. Pros- CheapCons-Cheap-Bad unit grounding, in high end system with amps you will likely get alternator whine-Face Plate dont attach firmly in place. Makes pressing buttons 
What a ripoff!. I bought this card for my TJ25, supposedly a supported device. But the problems with this card make it nearly useless:- It comes with a web browser 
Chain Dialing problem. Please be aware that chain dialing is not supported in this phone.If you use a calling card for long distance calls, you will have to input the 
Foretrex cable with limited ability. I have 2x Foretrex 201 units, where i have to share the data between them regularly. The units were shiped without any software, but i 
Poor Quality Tapes!!!!. I bought a 10-pack of TDK tapes in April, 2005 - The boxes say: TDK - SUPERIOR QUALITY - Standard T-120 - VHS Standard Grade - Videotape 
Avoid buying it. after few months of using it, it started to lag badly, and the scroll wheel stopped working, I ll never buy logitech mouse again.  
Doesn t work. I got a dud with this chip. Track 0 error and it won t format. Sending it back  
STINKS. I PURCHASED THIS SKIN SO I CAN RUN. I HAD IT FOR A LITTLE OVER ONE MONTH AND IT TEAR.I E-MAILED CUSTOMER SERVICE ASKING FOR A REPLACEMENT, THEY SAID 
I miss my stowaway. I bought this as a replacement for my stowaway when I replaced my Palm m105 with an HP IPAQ. The palm-stowaway combination was an excellent portable 
Buyer beware. I bought this unit in order to avoid TIVO s monthly service fees. Beware. You may discover after hours on the phone with Panasonic customer service that the 
Never Worked. I ordered this for my nursery to play a CD once in a while. I plugged it in, forgot about it and when I went to use it 
Not recognized by computer. I just got this home and plugged it in, but my computer doesn t recognize it. I m running Windows XP so it shouldn t be 
Disappointed!!!!. I was somewhat skeptic at the low price...I was disappointed at the performance of this product, to say the least. The transmitter only works with the highest frequencies on 
Horrible customer service. I was trying to connect this adaptor to my laptop almost for 3 days.I was calling D-LINK S customer service all the time I was kept on 
RC-800 Not working properly and incomplete documentation. I can not recommend this unit because my experience is that after receiving a new RC-800, it switches off before I even manage 
Don t buy...there are much better ones out there. Recieved as a present from my wife, poor girl got sold on this thing at Circuit City. Anyway, it was alright...pretty 
Difficult install and horrible service left a sour taste in my mouth. I have been working with computers for over 20 years on the home PC side. I have used 
Do not buy. Mouse movement is extremely slow. It literally takes 10 ! seconds to get from one side of the screen to another 800x600 . I just got it 
Awful. Do not buy. This may be the worst product I ve ever bought. It has never worked properly. I ve kept fresh batteries in it, but it s still 
Yet Another Wireless Piece of JUNK!!!. This thing is JUNK!!! Don t waste your money. I am a computer professional and I had it working for about 5 minutes, then 
Non-Intuitive and Ultimately Defective. I purchased the Explorist 400 with Mapsend for wilderness travel. Getting the detailed maps set up were far from intuitive, taking several hours to figure it 
It s better than nothing. I recently tried to take the mount off the windshield as I was using a rental while my car was being repaired. I couldn t 
F- Magellan Crossover Vehicle GPS. Hello fellow buyers,I have purchase this Magellan Crossover Vehicle GPS with Topographic Maps system for the same reason you are looking at outdoor and marine 
Used to be the Best - What Happened to Quality?. I have recently purchased several 10- and 20-pack spindles of this product. I have also have two new dvd burners 
Not for iMac G5 10.3.9. I ordered two of these. For the first one, neither the firewire nor the USB worked on my iMac G5 MacOS 10.3.9 . A copy 
Occasionally Freaks Out . This cable looks nice, when you don t linger on a digital channel. What happens to me is that if I leave the TV on a 
Cables To Go 4 port KVM fares poorly. The Cables To Go 4 port USB PS@ unit works well when you have manual mode on without sscanning on. But I 
Really Disappointed with ViaMichelin X-930 GPS. I really tried to like the Via Michelin, bought it with every intention of loving it in March 2007. But I feel compelled to 
Doesn t deserve even one star!. I had a Technics 111 changer, but needed to get one that held more CDs. I read reviews on this one Pioneer , and 
QuickLink Pen Elite - Neither Quick nor Elite. Was excited to have gotten it but have spent a great deal of time fussing with it. Several issues with this pen: 
Don t Bother. Really, Don t bother with this one. I m from England and the ve discontinued it here. I ve had it just over a year.The printing started 
Not a good value. I ve owned this shredder for about a year. It has been infrequently used and just burned out ... on about 5 sheets. It has NEVER 
No Blue Screen ; Instead No Signal. I have Windows XP Home edition and I installed the wireless adapter software with no problems. However, after buying both the new Belkin 
Terrible Product. I thought I was getting matte photo paper. Inside was the equivalent of large index cards with no matte finish on them. I thought it was my fault 
don t buy it!. this is the worst fax machine I ve ever had. The paper gets jammed and you have to put the pages once at the time. The 
Muddy Sound. You will be surprised how crummy this sounds compared to the Panasonics that cost about the same. This is my main problem - the sound quality sucks compared 
Not Worth It!. We bought this scanner for scanning documents while traveling and the resolution and capacity are not as advertised. The resolution and quality of the scanned image is 
Not worth it. I did not have the set up issues the other reviewers mentioned. In fact, I followed the instructions of one reviewer and my set up was smooth 
OK for watching, not so much for recording. I have this setup with my new laptop that runs Vista premium. The device installs ok and it works with media center.It 
Terrible quality and support, don t buy this item!. Right out of the box the car adapter was DOA. After 4 months the screen stopped displaying video. I called Coby 
Disappointed !. I have an HP Pavillion ZE5000 series laptop. My laptop hardly fits in this bag. The battery holder is also too small. Practically unusable. Very disappointed with the 
It doesn t work. It s cheap, but I couldn t get it to work. It seems to be a problem with the drivers. I wrote to the company for 
doesn t play..... these cds burn fine BUT they won t play in most cd players. I ve tried it in two car aftermarket cd players, brand new mazda, and 
Doesn t Work With Every Vehicle. This adapter would not work AT ALL in my 1996 Ford Ranger. The vehicle s cassette player kept ejecting it. However, it DID work 
No playlist management and a scroll wheel to throw out the window. I bought this one for my wife specifically because I didn t think she d use it enough 
Very hard to use. I got this as a Christmas gift. I found it extremely hard to use. Cueing or skipping songs is easy enough, but hitting the mode key 
Terrible cables. Normally in a review about a cable I would mention something about picture quality and sound. However, these cables never even got me that far. The cable fit 
Save your money!. It s a nice look, but it tips over very easily. It is not steady on a rug surface dispite what the picture on the box shows. 
RIP-OFF: Doesn t advertise that you need an AC adaptor. I would like to believe that this hub works well- but I wouldn t know. I bought it to reduce 
Very difficult to tune FM stations. not practical. i thought that I would have good FM reception, but it is hard to tune  
doesn t play. yeah same here, I got an H02 error and it doesn t play anymore, what a piece of crap  
Product Has Bugs, Customer Service Won t Help!!!. I purchased the 8GB Creative Zen V Plus player during the first week in February. Today, March 6th, I am returning it 
Really not worth your money and its overpriced. I was very interested in buying this product even before it came out, but I have to say I am disappointed. This 
Obviously not MAC compatible!!!. Great disappointment. Plugged in this equipment and tried typing in all the applications I own Excel, Word, FreeHand among others and displayed typed numbers when it 
Too much noise even at low volumes. Very average quality speaker system. Too much noise even at low volumes. Even with highest recording quality files, the volume is horribly noisy. 
look at the details. the product seems like a great idea, however, it did not come with attatchments for an i-pod, which is the reason we bought it. Called the 
 Acquiring Signal for eternity. I purchased this receiver in December 2005. It worked like a champ until February 2006 when it began to have issues with decoding the satellite 
DOES NOT PRESERVE STEREO SEPARATION!!!!. This device sums both channels and creates a mono version of whatever you are listening to, sending this new mono version to the two pairs 
No front rear sound. I dont recommend these for 1st person shooter gamers.Impossible to tell if enemy is in front or behind you.Probably ok if direction of sound is not 
ADS Tech Video Xpress USBAV-191-EF. Can capture analog video and produce cd-rom s but I expected the ability to produce DVD  
not the best. the case did fit the player very well and did excellent in protecting it, but...1. you have to remove the player to charge because the charger isnt 
no difference in quality, just price. digital cables transmit a series of zeros and ones to an output source - usually your television or stereo. they either do that...or they 
this thing is bad not in a good way. the problem is I have more than one guitar this one is my least favorite. P.S. has bad soun  
AVOID AT ALL COSTS...READ WHY. As several other reviewers have noted, there is a serious problem with getting these cables connected into the television. The PS2 connector clicked in smoothly, 
Try Rabbit Ears First.... I bought this because I m about 25 miles from the OTA HD stations. Tried several different mounting positions and couldn t pick up more than 
Not worth the money... BOSE Cinemate ExperienceFirst of all, I have never purchased a Bose product in my life lets just say that I always felt that Bose products are 
Don t buy. Very bad customer service. The worst customer service I have ever experienced. The lady who alledged to be the customer service supervisor said: You got it cheaper 
Not Bad-But Not In My Car. I was terribly disappointed with this item. It worked fine in home and office when I could put the nano and transmitter right ON 
Nice fit not so good sound. They work for the price guess I was hoping for more. They do not get very loud and do not block out the sound 
Useless. 1st Received - Had a button broken. Did work but right arrow would not click.2nd Replacement - Did not transmit the bass. I almost bought a new stereo system 
It s Not Useful for a Student. I bought this to keep up with my college assignments and work schedule. It isn t very useful because when you enter a 
Too Good To Be True. NAT Storage 100? Read the other reviews, some positive and some negative, and you should be able to get a good idea as to whether 
Needs another cable. The WD Passport hard drive requires a little over 1000mA of power at spin up says the WD troubleshooting website.Why no mention of that here or on 
Wonder if I ll ever hit traffic... I live in the Wash. DC area and we have pretty bad traffic. I normally take a route that isn t extremely bad 
Good Sound...when it s working. While I am pleased with the quality of sound this system gives me, I am a little disappointed. I ve had this thing for a 
SD slot stopped working!. The SD slot stopped working last night - very frustrating. The compact flash card slot still works, though. I noticed a reviewer mentioned that it didn 
wont work with itunes for windows. also import a cd , money down the drai  
Can t rate it because I haven t received my HDTV yet. I cannot rate these cables because I haven t received my HDTV that was ordered at same time. 
warning!. I just bought one of these for my video ipod, and it is totally unusable because it uses a firewire connector for a power source. If you don t 
 5 case fo 20. Poorly designed. I slide my 2400 into it and the case is so tight it pressess buttons on my iPaq for me. Turning it on 
Another HP Worthless Product. I have an HP iPaq 4705 and desperately wanted a keyboard for text entry.Stupid me to buy the HP BT Keyboard. No On Off Switch. Flaky 
HP 7310 quality problems. When I recieved the 7310 it would not work and I quickly came to the conclusion that the ethernet connection was bad. I spent a considerable 
Returned and then replaced. San Disk C150. Stopped working in about 10 days locks up after boot up screen , returned and received new one. Replacement stopped working in about 
Not sure I trust Consumer Reports. This was the top rated system by Consumer Reports. I returned it. The sound quality of the message I recorded as a greeting sounded 
bueno pero si funcionara bien. prosnice lookgreat setup on keysmultiple keypress workscomfortableslimconVery Long keyboardit misses typed characters about 25 of the time, backspace is slow,I have about 70 accuracy with 
Network keeps cutting off with the DGE-530T. Hi,I have a similar setup to Noah s I use Media Center 2005 though and similar issues with my dlink DGE-530T.While transferring files 
Lasted 3 months. Got it on 5 April 2006 and it stopped working on 8 July 200  
30 Gig only!. It says on the box it fits 30,60,80 gig 5th Gen ipods. It did not fit my 60 gig. I showed it to my wife who loved 
Headache inducer!. This works just fine but the picture is so small that it gave me a headache after 45 minutes of viewing. Not for those susceptible to migraines. Also, 
Recommend a no buy. I bought one for my daughter and advised a friend to buy one. The one I bought failed after 4 uses. My daughter, after contacting customer 
This Product Stinks DO NOT BUY IT!!!. Full list price is listed as 337 or something it is not worth it for the 157 this device does not work with 
DOA. I spend top dollars for this piece of crap. Wanted something to save weight, and time, so I don t have to carry everything around with me to school. 
A Piece of Crap. I bought this for the house for Christmas and we really got a lemmon. The unit only worked for a couple of days prior to having 
Garbage. C. Musselman can add 2 more cards to his connector problem. I have gone through 2 desktop cards that do not have proper fittings for the external antenna - 
Partitioning Great, Multi-boot Terrible, Support NONE!. I have to agree with the second review. The partitioning feature works great - no hitches. The OS Selector feature looks like an after 
Compatibility Issues. Cosmetically pleasing is about the only good thing you can say about this unit. The included software does contain viruses. The included software is a reminate of the 
Do not buy. Mouse movement is extremely slow. It literally takes 10 ! seconds to get from one side of the screen to another 800x600 . I just got it 
Worst speakers EVER. I have never heard so much awful sound come out of something so small. These were simply the worst speakers ever. They are scratchy and tinny and 
Poor customer service, awful product. I bought this TV Oct 18th as a refurb from 2nd Act. 2 mos later, haven t watched it yet. It arrived broken turns on 
this guitar is a waste of money. DONT BUY THIS GUITAR IT IS A PIECE OF JUNK.i love guitars i rarely ever put mine done.but when i saw this guitar, 
Worst product. Please save yourself from this crap. This is not worth even a penny. I recvd it a couple of days back and opened the box today for the 
Battery inadequate. I bought this player for viewing movies while camping. Fortunately we usually sleep in our SUV so we have access to a DC power outlet. This player does 
donnttt think about itt. its just worthless u cant hear your voice u have to shout .. and even wen u do the sound is veryy poor in quality .. 
I ve finally learned a VERY expensive lesson. DON T BUY THIS PRODUCT. There, simple advice I wish someone had given me before I bought two of these. With the 
Poor Reliability. My administrative assistant picked this up for me for use at work. The first one never accepted or recognized the ink cartridges, so it got sent back. The 
Don t bother. I recommend that you pass on this printer. I tried to install the software and kept getting the following error: Setup has encountered a severe error and 
Not network friendly. We chose this printer because of the network capability. The first printer stopped functioning correctly after three weeks. To print, we had to turn the printer off, 
1 out of 3 works. Bought 3 for the company.The 1st one works great w HP DJ 9800.The 2nd one didn t.It sees the printer, Canon D861, but nothing was 
Stay away from this drive. I have been a fan of Western Digital hard drives for many years, but that ended with this product. I purchased an Essential Edition 250GB 
Sony RM-AX4000. This is a poorly designed remote. I have six devices connected to my HD television set. The software depends on the user assigning positions to the various inputs 
Is this unit record on dvd or vcr while watching the same tv show?. I watch lots of show and some time wants to record good show while watching it 
Works for a While... I really liked this unit and its transmitter unit twin , but only for as long as it actually worked. It works well sending signal from 
charger for ZEN. It the Creative Zen MP3 player is plugged with the charger and play at the same time in the car, it gives out squeaky sound  
Only Looks Nice. It looks great, but the media pad makes it too wide. The battery on the media pad doesn t last very long so I ended up not 
Junk!. There is a manufacturing defect in this product that prevents one from opening the battery compartment. Kensington seems to be aware of the problem, since their website offers an 
Don t buy or use this paper. I have recently purchase the epson 890 injet printer and was trying out the included roll of premium glossy paper. The paper gets 
A Dangerous Piece of Junk. I foolishly placed my irreplaceable, 200 DVD in this newly-purchased machine as instructed.The result was a disaster! The machine added visible scratches and made playback 
HDTV on PC. The card works and produces a reasonable image, but the Catalyst software used to drive the card is lacking buggy. To make work, I had to disable 
Lemon. This thing is not easy to use. To scan accurately you have to go so slowly it would be much quicker to type. If you are lucky to get 
Doesn t Hold a MAC. Big drag. Amazon says it holds 15.4 . Reviews on other sites for less money, but I trust amazon says it ll hold a 15.4 
Works. You have to screw the screws in really tight here, or else it will keep coming loose. I nearly declared this product defective, but I just didn t have 
Disappointed in Sony. Sound quality was fine but this CD changer doesnt work well at all. I am one of the buyers that had the same problems as many others 
Best in Show at MacWorld. Based on this, I had high hopes for the iSee 360i and was perhaps one of the first ones to get this item and try 
Wow that s some loud velcro. So I really like this case besides the velcro. Basically I have it with me all the time and use it frequently. The only 
defective tv. I bought this new TV to go with my new house tv unit sofa, etc. This was the last item to arrive on my shopping list for the 
STILL Not Satisfied. The basics of this pad work. It captures a graphic of what you write, even through several layers of paper pad see recommendations . The pad is 
Does not work with 2GB SD cards. I was very hopeful that this printer would meet my needs. The printer worked fine with my 1GB SD card, and also when 
Pretty Expensive Cleaner. I bought this product as I did NOT know what else to use and think it s VERY expensive for what it is.If you investigate this product 
unreliable. I have the SAME code set for my county, but the alert only goes off about half the time. Also before you go to sleep you must determine if 
Slow, terrible feed mechanism, broke in less than yr!. I bought this printer to make large format photo prints of my husband s artwork and never got anything good enough 
not the greatest. This cd storage unit isnt the greatest cd rack but if you want something that will do the job and isnt too costly this is the thing 
A Frustrating Experience. I bought this unit about 8 months ago and it seemed to work fine. Then it started getting finicky with MP3 discs, refusing to play discs with 
dont waste your money. Grossly over-priced and useless - Sony s 10 headphones sounded just as good. The headphone fit in the ear s uncomfortable at best  
Terrible microphone. Image is good but microphone has a jackhammer noise, rendering it useless. I only installed it after a few months after purchase or else would have returned it 
Wireless kills Internet connectivity. Search the net for WCG200 dropping internet and similar. You will find many all? people having the same problem me included and no support from Linksys 
It s a theft case. Don t be mislead, this is a theft case. The case comes empty without any memory at all. No body makes a 4 GB miniSD 
Professional Heavy Backpack. I purchased the backpack and thought the many compartments would be great. However there is not as much room for documents and folders and I thought. The 
Very disappointed. These are small, light and comfortable. That s the good part. They also sound very tinny and thin. Very little bass. I ve put them away and chalked 
Linksys can[ t make it work. I would strongly advise against purchasing this item. I just bought one and spent nearly five hours trying to get it working. That includes 
It is a piece of junk... I m constantly amazed how people before the Internet and Computer age did any business. This typewriter is ancient, and its functionality is amazingly 
Caveat Emptor. I cannot speak for all devices, but this was a total failure in my case. I am a fast typist, and it seemed that about 20 of the 
Dissapointed. I m a tech kind of guy and was very dissapointed with the output quality of this card. In doing a lot of research, I ve come to the 
Bad accesory for ipod. I pay 15 box for Protective Overlays for iPod Video and 2 weeks before i have to remove for my ipod... is a bad sel  
Looks Good... and that s about it. I bought these headphones because they had camo on them. I ve had them for about 6 months now, and they ve already 
Crummy product with Toshiba brand. I bought this as a basic DVD player and it lasted only a few months. Freezes up, won t play and generally frustrating. I am 
Garbage. This typewriter is an unbelievable piece of junk. Garbage. Don t buy it - even if they offer it to you for free. There s not enough room here 
I tried to hold off. Unreal. I get this kit and the cheesy cassette thing does not work. I have a Sony and, honest, my dog chewed the wire. I 
not usable due to SonicStage. Hardware awesome, software a flop. Since you HAVE to use their software the package is destroyed. I will give you the final nail on the 
 2 for a AAA cell?. Maybe if these were high end rechargable NiMH this would be a reasonable price. But for Alkaline? This is even more ridiculus than the 
Disappointed. The phone was very annoying. Everytime I tried to call on the phone, it would not connect. I would have to either change the channel or just not call. 
Compact but otherwise basic and unimpressive... I received this as a Christmas gift and while it s compact, there are a couple of major flaws. The power button is the 
Bad quality - you get what you pay for. Got it FAR thanks giving day. Have used about half the pack and had about 7-8 coasters. And that too in 
Beware!. If you have a cable modem for broadband connection to the internet, your unit will not be covered by the APS warranty on this device. Lightning hit near our 
If only you could get this!. I bought this label maker for my nephew as a Christmas present. The only labels available then were white. Now I can t get 
icemat audio. Icemat headphone looks cute with hifi look but doesn t seem tobe impressive in the way it functions. Even for a medium volume, it spreads the sound out 
A worthless product. The good news is that the motorized SkipDoctor is easy to use. Unfortunately, the bad news is that it doesn t work. I tried to repair two 
Poorly constructed. As others have said, the side flaps should be glued on the OUTSIDE of the envelope. It s very annoying when you re trying to insert CDs because 
Doesn t work with SD Audio. As the other reviewer found out, these cards can t be formatted to work with SD Audio. Total waste of money  
Sony SRF-M85V S2 Sports Walkman. I purchased the previous model M80v 3 times as I wore it out with daily use 10 hr a day @ work they lasted about 
The good gone bad. I m afraid I have to agree with the other previously happy Memorex users in noting that Memorex quality success rate has gone downhill. I was 
Poor stylus performance and damage to stylus on receipt. The turntable arrived with a damaged stylus. The stylus was broken before receipt and replacement arrived one week later. It does 
The weak link. I chose the Belkin Tunebase because reviews rated its sound quality as the best of the bunch. I don t dispute that, but it s by no 
Linksys WUSBF54G Wireless-G USB network adapter. When I tried the device in my laptop, it has crashed my laptop every time. I have not had the time to try and 
Inferior results. This paper yields inferior results when used with an Epson C84 printer and Epson Durabrite inks. The layers of ink are clearly visible; on some prints there appears 
Does not work with new iPODs. Nowhere in the description does it mention what iPODs are compatible with this charger. I assumed the charger would work with all iPODs but 
It doesn t fit. This item was listed at an option when you purchased the wide angle lens, but it doesn t fit and I will be returning it  
Simple Wire Does Better. Got this, it added nothing to the simple wire that came with the radio. I got a more substantial wire antenna ... at [local store] that 
Run Away!. This printer does produce some fine output. That is when it works. The paper feed constantly refues to load paper. The film scanner should have been left off 
You get what you pay for. Here s a quick comparison for my wireless mouse:Duracell: 1 monthMemorex: 2 daysDO I HAVE TO SAY ANYTHING ELSE?  
Might be great if it worked. We have been unsuccessful with this e-reader attachment since we purchased it. Cards read once and never again. Doesn t matter if we use 
Quite quirky at times... To sum it up: it s great while it works, but it has some quirks that keep it from functioning properly at times.I am currently trying 
Don t waste your time. Let s just say you get what you pay for. This product has perhaps the worst user interface I ve ever seen. I did manage 
Dead On Arrival... While I read the reviews on this machine, it is clear to me that Lexar has some serious quality-control problems. For some people it worked, for others 
Horrible Phone!. Don t bother buying this phone unless you want to waste your money. We re replacing them and our are only 6 mo. old. Terrible interference, inferior batteries, 
Do no buy this item. I was trying to duplicate HI-8 tapes and the ADS Tech Video Express USBAV-191-EF is not a viable solution. It drops frames and there are 
Streaks. The side of the tube says No Streaks Guaranteed, but it left streaks all over my monitor. I contacted the manufacturer, but haven t heard anything back from them. 
Lost a year s service to Amazon typo. The detailed description for the plan says- Extend repair and telephone support coverage of your iPod to three yearsI thought Apple had 
GARBAGE. I HAVE OWNED THIS MONITOR FOR A LITTLE LESS THAN A YEAR, AND IT STARTED PLAYING TRICKS ON ME, THEN IT FADED. IT IS PRETTY IF THAT IS WHAT 
Printer did not work. I received the Bjc-85 portable printer. I have plugged it into many electrical outletts in my home and office. The item will not turn on . 
Save Your Self from This One!!!!!. Horrible. The gears ingage before the tape is even loaded. You have to force the tape into the moving gears and hold down the 
Erroneous description. I found this paper on Amazon as an accessory to the Olympus Camedia P-400 Printer. This paper does NOT fit the P-400 because this paper is TOO wide. 
Poor Tech Support, Poor UPnP-AV Execution. This single device could potentially have everything I want.... if it all worked. Rev B .The specs are great which is what made me 
Product as designed is defective. This drive has a plastic cap with keychain loop which quickly wears and breaks through when used on a metallic keychain. Memorex will replace the 
Zune Premium Earphones. While it has multiple sizes, the earphones do not fit well. They also do not have clear sound coming through them, unless you press them firmly into 
4 months and waiting. I ordered this product June 21st and am now told i should receive it by Oct 28th. I wouldn t waste my time ordering this product 
Exceptional player with one fatal flaw. I didn t see this fact in any of the other reviews of this player. I have had it for about 24 hours. My 
The SD card did not even work. The transaction was good but the product was not good. The product was not new because it wasn t sent in its original 
Pffttt. There are no instructins of anykind or anything with this item, and it says it is also a 5 gig mp3 player, well it comes with no software or 
Sound just like every other Bose item ever heard. These headphones sound terrible. They have muddy and dull highs, flat mids, and over compensated lows. They do not block any 
Extremely POOR Quality laminates. I would be very wary of the positive reviews on this product. I find it hard to believe that such a piece of garbage could be 
I can t hear any difference. After all the hype about the Polk XRt12 I was expecting the sound quality from this unit to be nothing short of astonishing. I 
mdse never received. merchandise returned to vendor by shipper as damaged in shipment. Cancelled order!!  
Company wouldn t back it up. I built a new house and set up a computer network. I purchased the Linksys BEFSR81 8-port router V3 and when I connected it 
PIECE OF CRAP STOPPED WORKING THE SAME DAY. I got this Item and it worked for about 4 hours, then stopped working, I tried the reader in 2 different computers 
NO HANDLE. Nice product before they decided to save a few pennies - I have purchased seven, but now it is made with out the handle - so if that 
does not fit 80gb ipod. 80gb ipod is too thick...can not snap front back on  
SRD Sound Orb Ipod Speaker. Sounds very flat. No ability to adjust sound aside from volume . I am quite dissapointed by these speakers  
JUNK!. This is an extremely cheap product poor grade of plastic and sound quality is...for the lack of a better word...gross! The earbuds that came with my ipod are 10 
Not for children. I didn t know there was a Parental Advisory on this cartridge until it arrived. Clearly not suitable for children. Also, I didn t know any of 
Not a lot of a value for the money. Too many disadvantages:1. No battery backup2. Even on the brightest setting the clock are barely visible from the distance.3. You d 
not nearly sensitive enough... I got this mic, because I do a lot of work conference calls via Skype, and I got tired of using an uncomfortable headset. Unfortunately, even 
Needs Improvement. The TEAC AG-790A could use some improvements, even considering its budget price. I have several complaints. From the moment I turn on the unit, there is an ever 
cute but video quality was not there... I hooked it up to my 604 and recorded at the highest setting and the video quality was not that great. The avi 
Unfortunately, I did not read reviews before buying. I also was misled into thinking I was getting TEN of these tapes, not one. While the tape is ok, it is 
Poorly Designed Product. I paid 35 for a barely adequate product case. It does not securely mount or protect the Creative Zen. It is overpriced and underperforms. As others have 
unhappy product. After quite a few phone calls, I was finally told that there are many problems with the Fax Receiving Function for this product... Yet there were no mentioning 
Finally got rebate. I had all the same rebate issues with this item as others, so if you are buying this CD case just because of the rebate, please DON 
Not really 4x6. I don t know if it s just the pack of paper I got, but these sheets of photo paper are not really 4x6. They re more 
Disappointed. I find that I hardly use this product. The holder clip broke almost immediately and the unit does seat well with my iSkin attached. When it is connected I 
Audiovox D1420 4.2 Portable DVD Player. Not as good as I expected The latch broke, it only lasted one Monthe by openig and closing the cover, it didn t last 
If you want a temporary thing then this ll do. With no mode settings repeat, shuffle, etc or shock protection, this cd player is pretty undesirable, but if you re 
Junk. This product would be great - if it worked.I bought this product and it worked great... as advertised... I loved it. Audio, video, IR remote worked and were clear. 
Decent mapping, poor feature reliability and customer service. This unit satisfies in its GPS functionality, but is problematic elsewhere. When I decided to purchase a GPS, I decided to spend 
I can t believe they call this junk Sony . I have had this system for 9 monthis now, and I am sure this is the worst piece of AV 
Sony Slips. The price looked right, but as others have mentioned this receiver has: a poor layout for inputs, a terrible manual, a difficult remote,Sony is coasting on their name 
Please Read this before you invest your cash in this product!!!!. First off let me state for the record that I only buy Sony , but I have toadvise you 
Good protection, bad features. I purchased this case in pink about a month ago, and I feel much safer carrying it around in my purse or backpack. It really protects 
Not the best.... Doesn t like CD-RWs. My player read CD-RWs for about three weeks, then all of a sudden it got picky and only wants to read CD-Rs! I 
Short-lived machine--avoid this lemon. Here is the original review of this machine I wrote on June 17, 2006:We bought this machine just over a year ago a year and two 
These cost 10.00 with shipping!. No kidding!! The shipping charge on these batteries was over 6.00. Amazon doesn t itemize the shipping charges on your order, so if you order 
Epson cartridges are expensive!. Epson s ink is great but very expensive! I use a continuous flow system for my printer from MIS. Just Google MIS . Midwest Ink Supply 
CASE LOGIC DVD CASE. PORTABLE DVD FITS NICELY INTO CASE. IT HOLDS THE BATTERY AND ALL OTHER MATERIALS THAT CAME WITH DVD PLAYER. I WOULD RECOMMEND IT FOR PROTECTION AND 
Look for other alternatives... I bought four of these and returned them immediately. Two were dead out of the box. A third had horrible sound.After searching the internet and reading 
USELESS!!! for me anyway . I put it under my optical mouse, so my cursor wuldn t jump , but this thing has almost NO friction on my desk.I d 
Not Ready for Prime Time. Great Hardware but plagued with extremely poor and buggy firmware and clueless customer service. Serious incompatibility and unreliability issues make this device unsuitable for backup 
Do not buy!. Bought the D-Stink DI-624M about 6 months ago. Worked like a charm until this past week. My internet connection would suddenly cut out and only be accessible 
A very dissapointing product from a great company: 3M. First of all the product does not totally inhibit the ability of someone sitting next to you on an airplane seeing 
Great image - but overheats!. Installed quickly, great image quality, but within three days the card started to overheat and cause the computer to reboot. I was told by others 
Don t waste your money. This remote is so hard to use and setup. The Xpress functions don t work properly and when used switches to different inputs each time. 
KODAK CARD READER. I got this from JnR . This unit powers up but the computer fails to detect it. I tried this on multiple computers. MAy be this was 
Don t buy this unless you like to be outdated. Although the games on the card are good, most of the itmes on it, like Klondike and Slots are outdated. 
Cases break instantly!. I knew these were inexpensive CD cases, but I can t even open one without it breaking into two pieces..  
LEMON. I don t know if I was unlucky and got the one bad drive off the line, but I have to share my experience with you all as a 
No longer works with Macs. Newest version is 4000, and I tried today, 2 26 07 with latest Ralink drivers on a mac powerbook with no luck - device was 
CX 4600 - Another disposable printer from Epson. Got this lousy product bundled with a computer purchase and tried to use it sparingly but regularly. Yellow cartridge stopped working when 
Vendor shipping costs. The delivery of the product was refused because the Vendor charged about 28.00 to send the remote which cost about 8.00 and could have be sent USPS 
Garbage pure and simple. I bought this player because I wanted to play dvds from various regions. The good news is that it plays discs from all regions outside of 
Want a quality electric drumset for under 500? It doesnt exist yet!. Some of you are probably in the same situation as me. You want an electric drumset, either because 
Smell. I suppose the operation of the unit works fine, we have no complaints there. We are concerned with the smell that the unit outputs. We have extreamly hard water 
Worked OK, but hard to clean. Ours worked for about 3 years before it gave up. It leaked some, but not as much as some others experienced. Our biggest problem 
dont waste your time. parents i teach guitar do not buy this item it is poorly made and if u want your kids to learn guitar you can get reduced 
Perhaps mine is just messed up... This watch works fine most of the time but if it gets even slightly moist, despite its label of WATER RESIST, it stops working. 
worst choice of my life. Bought this a month ago for use with my DX4330 kodak 3MP digital camera. It worked for 2 days.After that, everytime I on the camera, 
Bad connector layout, slow keyboard rate. I ve used KVM switches from Belkin before with good results, so I was really disappointed when I used this one.My main problem is 
Not gonna happen. This item does not work. The 3.5mm jack atop the the Ipod does not produce a video signal. Therefore you will only get sound through this cord. 
doesn t work with FujiFilm xD type M cards. Tried to use FujiFilm 1GB xD cards, type M, doesn t recognize them. Still trying to resolve situation with Lexar, they 
You can do better. These headphones can be slightly uncomfortable around the ears. Sometimes the part that loops behind the head is too bulky to sit comfortably while leaning on 
Frustrating for this vocalist. I m not the most gadget inclined person, and this was given to me as a gift because it was easy to install and use. But 
USB Charger doesn t actually charge my devices. I ve tried two of these travel chargers. It s a nice idea. I have some devices that can be trickle-charged by 
Ralph Nader would labeled these unsafe at any speed . Do not buy these speakers at any price. Don t even bother accepting them as a gift. You will be 
DOA upon arrival. Unit was dead on arrival. Called Epson priority service, they informed me that unit showed a really bad error code, and would need to be replaced. Am 
Genrics always suck. Bought it for my Nokia N80 and it doesn t work...typical! Shouldn t have bought a generic memory!! Serves me right! Anyway..  
Piece of junk!!!!!!!. 4 months into it and it stops playing, jams up and i can t remove the cassette or any or the Cd s.....won t ever but Pioneer 
HELP ON TRI COLOR INK. THIS SITE IS HARD TO FIND THE INK CARTRIDGE I NEED. #78 TRI COLOR FOR MY HP 750  
Quiet, low air flow, even on high. Claiming that this fan s 3-speed switch lets you balance quiet performance with maximum cooling , is very misleading. On low, the fan 
Not worth the money. The sound is clear, but carries no base. I have a pair of Sony MDR-CD180 I paid 20.00 for that I was going to replace; I 
Save your money. These phones suck! I m on my second set and have yet to be able to get it to connect. It just sits on yellow. Apparently this 
Wrong Description - Not for Street Pilot. This is one half of the Garmin Automotive Mount for Garmin GPS Map 72 and GPS 76 only. Search item # 101025700 in 
This adapter NOT compatible with Sony ICF-M410V Portable FM AM TV Weather Radio. SUMMARY: Adaptor could create interference if used with AM radios; acceptable for CD, MP3, or other non-radio 
Back-UPS ES drops power AFTER power is restored!. Most people buy a UPS, plug it in and never test it to make sure it works. I tested this device a 
Good sound, bad construction. Mine broke after just a few weeks. Snapped at joint where headphone extends. Good sound but poorly designed  
No Buttons - Big Hassle. A clock radio that you have to fumble for a remote to use....I don t think so. I have the older models CD & Clock 
GPS not reliable. When I first purchased this item, I loved it. There were a few times the GPS led me astray, but generally, it really helped me get from 
Loved it, then it broke for no reason. I loved this phone, but after only a few weeks the button is stuck and the phone can t pick up. I 
Avoid this printer!. Do you want to print photos? CAD images? How about a multi-page PDF? Well, if so, then avoid this printer. Yes, such simple tasks will not be 
Poor to middling quality - breaks under heavy use. I have two of these chargers that I bought directly from Kodak for about 10 each. Each of them came with 
no. I thought this was very bulky with too many wires. It took very long for the Garmin 2730 to find my location. I returned it and exchanged it for 
XM Boom Box. I got this for my husband for Christmas, and it still isn t working. He wanted it to listen to baseball games on the XM in our 
sport camera messenger case. the case was advertised in a size large enough to accomodate my camera but when i received it the size was very small. now i am 
My experience with this product was bad. My experience with this product was bad. The first time that uses damage the motor. I do not recommend it to anybody. I 
What a piece of crap. This thing worked for two days and then started cutting off songs and starting them over. We thought it was the battery going bad but 
Makes a bigger mess than it was before. I have to agree with the other reviewer, it just smears it all over the place. However at work I just discovered 
Useless. Replaced one of my DIR-625 router omni-directionals with this, carried my signal strength meter around the house and saw absolutely no change. Still looking for a solution  
Very disappointed - don t use with a Mac. Like others, I was very pleased initially with the very quick installation of this router. Since I am very familiar with 
Poor Support, Design and documentation. I purchased several copies of this product. They were intended to connect remote employees to Netgear s FVL328 router. Needless to say it was extremely 
Worst Software Concept Ever!. Most of the reviews here simply don t give you the correct concept of this thing, and i have read them all.As a piece of hardware, 
WRONG CABLE!. It was the wrong cable and did not even fit the Garmin! I phoned Garmin and they said they will send a replacement out. Hopefully when it gets 
Wish I read the reviews -- it is a flawed product. I wanted to add my 2 cents: excellent sound, but controlls are very flawed. I really loved the sound 
Very Disappointing. The Sharp OZ-290H is inexpensive, and that is the only good thing about it. The size of the print on the screen is too large to allow me 
The mouse is tough to control. True to its name it has high sensitivity. Too much that on a very smooth surface this mouse becomes live.Start moving in all directions.On 
DECEITFUL SELLERS = JR MUSIC & Amazon. JR Music and Amazon must be KIDDING to think that they do not need to have a policy to make it obvious that 
Don t waste your time and money. I installed this drive and the machine recognized it OK. Unfortunately it will not read, write, or recognize any discs put into it. 
good mouse- except didn t last long. I used this mouse on my laptop, and it ran very well, no major complaints. I m a designer, and work closely and 
Poor Condition. The main problem was the filthy condition of the travel kit. The outside was caked with a layer of dirt as if it had been sitting out in 
Mac owners.... Run. It says it supports Mac all over the package. However it doesn t support, and cannot be made to support Mac files that allow a wider use 
The technology is just not here yet. Unfortunately, this was a very poor functioning item. The idea is great but the technology is simply not here yet. It did not 
Awful quality. These batteries didn t last at all. They worked OK in my remote control for my radio, but on everything else, the quality was either below-average or just 
poorly made - evidence of this after the first hour of use. Within an hour of removing this set of earphones from it s packaging, i found the sound went 
Lousy FM reception, no weatherband reception. Quickly: FM reception stinks as others have noted. It is truly horrible if you live near an FM transmitter as I do. The 6 
MAC USERS BEWARE. I rate the Belkin 6 port hub a zero. I installed exactly as instructed to my G5 tower. Plugged in 3 external hard drives and an iSight 
Is there a zero stars?. This is the worst thing I have ever owned!!!! It broke said there were no cd s inside after about a week! Do yourself a 
Too expensive. The case needs to be a little deeper and it could use a handle to make it easier to carry. Not worth the price I paid  
Customer Service Attrocious. We purchased a Mintek MDP1770 portable DVD player for our daugther a little less than two years ago. The product worked okay for a while, but then 
External power but not for firewire. Despite the expectation that the external power supply would support both USB and firewire, it does not. If you don t need powered firewire, 
ITS TOO EARLY TO BUY THIS PROTOTYPE MP3 player. Once the software developers have de-bugged the Iriver interface with the Media player 11, it may well be an excellent device. 
It s red, just like me. This cartrige never printed any color than red. even after cleaning many, many times! Will never buy another cartrige from them. paying twice the 
Also Disappointed. I purchased this Boombox over a year and a half ago. What I do like about is that it was hard to find a boombox with a remote 
Not happy with black ink cartridge OR colored one. The cartridge was apparently dried. I unwrapped it from a sealed container. Carefully inserted it and no print appeared. I carefully 
Makes Damage Worse. This product will not fix your disc, I tried to fix a damaged CD and it only made the problem worse. I ended up throwing away the 
Nice Product But Didnt Last. Wristpad seemed to comeunglued far to soon to be considered normal wear, and mousing surface was dificult to clean it hold onto the dirt with 
Be sure you get an X and not an A . I, too, received the lower capacity 49A instead of the promised 49X. Four times! Three by Amazon and once 
Disappointed - but it s a good idea. I like the idea of being able to stack these usb hubs however this particular model has had widespread problems with heating 
Do Not Buy, Does Not Work!. I read the bad reviews but I bought it, it worked for one week and died. Pure Junk, avaoid anything by Griffin  
TINSTAAFL. No free lunch & you get what you pay for...is that the verdict on this product?Well, the poor rating given by those who have purchased this product has discouraged 
Static and crappy battery. When I first bought this phone about six months ago, I thought I was getting a good deal, but I was wrong. The phone picked up 
this card sucks. I tend to break my wireless cards for my laptop. I had CISCO s, BELKINS, NETEGARS and they all worked flawlessly.With the D-Link the software will not 
Waste of Time. I bought this low priced pedal mainly for my daughter as a starter. To my surpise, there was no power supply included! Not even a battery. No 
don t buy this with an AVIC-D2. I bought this unit for my Pioneer AVIC-D2. I had it in for about 2 weeks and got completely fed up with it. 
Does Not Fit E2 Beware. This is a decent case for the Tungsten E, but make no mistake about it, it will not work for the E2 Model. The plastic 
TERRIBLE A V Switch!!!. I bought this a v switch to switch between my computer and tv as a source for a set of powered speakers. The RCA switch produced 
Love affair gone sour. I have owned this little hub for at least a year. I have an older PC which came without USB, so I added a PCI adapter. 
Linksys Skype I-Phone. Operates as described but lacks browser for use in pay for connection environments, poor battery life, need to have it fully charged every day even if you 
The flash drive needs security backup. I tried to retrieve data and pictures that was on desktop and I could notget them back though the drive isn t working at 
Expensive JUNK !! Horrible Reception.. My 10 dollar portable Panasonic radio has BETTER and Clearer reception than this overpriced crap. Even if the radio is by my window , reception 
Over-priced for what it includes and does. I have the iGo Juice 70 model PS0055. This is a three-in-one adapter -- AC, vehicle, airplane -- that can power and charge 
Item is not as shown in picture. i bougth this item thinking i was getting some cable boy was i wrong all i got was a 2 inch converter with 
Review of Audio Video 3 Shelf System. This was one of the biggest mistakes I ve made concerning the installation of my plasma tv on the wall. I only intended 
No Dial Tone. Got this as an X-mas present. Seems my MIL thought that our current Uniden DCT648-3 took to long to sound the message tone 30 Seconds after the 
Don t confuse this with THE 3D topo software. This isn t the 3D version of this software. My picture is for the wrong product. Somebody somewhere should be shot 
 F61 Power issues 1 month after purchase. I had my unit for 1 month before experiencing the F61 many people have seen. I calling their repair shop back and 
Disappointed. I am disappointed in this product.I was suppose to write to you from the weekend.My two rear speakers just stop working, and also myremote control. I have replace the 
Does not include required iPod inserts. I bought the white iHome IH6 from Apple along with a 2G Nano. The directions say you must use the proper insert for your 
DOES NOT WORK. THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT WORK UNLESS YOU RE VIDEO CARD HAPPENS TO HAVE A THING CALLED VGA-TV OUTPUT !They are very unclear about this. This product does 
Don t like it at all. I think this is a very bad wireless mouse. It didn t work wireless for me even though I charged the battery for more 
Hardly worth it. This antenna allowed me to receive 2 HD channels in my area, but it gave me no better reception than my thumb placed over the end of 
Not Very Durable. Will need battery changes. I have owned five of these UPS units over the past four years. I purchased three for my Mac and PC at home. 
Beware! Not for the MP800 Printer. Almost the same name as the CLI-8C except for photos, right? No, this will not work in the PIXMA MP800 printer. Be careful when 
Not worth the money. I purchased two sets of these speakers for the Kid s Room at my company. Each set worked as a receiver rather than speakers, picking up 
O.K. if you don t care what time it is. This clock gains about 5 minutes every 4 days or so. I have an old digital plug-in clock that keeps 
It s mediocre at best. The Pros:-You can reposition the product as many times as you like to get the best fit without it losing it s adhesive.-It allows you 
Works but has issues... It definitely works and was easy to set up but my major problem was that the voice coming out was very tinny and it also was 
Stopped working after 1,500 pictures!!!!. The price and some positive reviews led me to purchase this item, but after only about 1,000 pictures, all I got was corrupted data. I 
Look for a different HDTV!. I purchased this HDTV and it worked OK for the first 10 days. After that I was unable to power the tv on or off 
VE1031M. I can neither rate nor review this item, because I just realized I have to have two of them to use it. They call it an intercom system, but 
Doesn t work with Marantz. I have a Marantz CD recorder DR 6000. A previous generation of Memorex Music CD-R worked fine White with purple lettering and blue recording surface 
PCMCIA TV Tuner for Notebook. When i see, look good, but i used with battery and not work properly. Only conected by AC work good. I recomend if not use 
Cursor drifts. I really wanted to like this mouse. It has an excellent shape. My hand folds comfortably around it. It s wireless, so I don t get cords tangled 
RIP-OFF: Doesn t advertise that you need an AC adaptor. I would like to believe that this hub works well- but I wouldn t know. I bought it to reduce 
poor in every way. The reviews of all other ipod fm transmitters that I ve seen were pretty negative, but this one had mostly positive reviews, even when not counting 
plastice box,speaker, and poorly built tuner. As the title says its not much more than that, so its going back as I write this review. I have a YB 400 
Toy-like hardware, unimaginitive sounds, unresponsive pads. I bought this product looking for a good drum machine that I could use alongside my keyboard and in the software Reason 3 on 
Horrible choice. I had a VTech phone that lasted me 3 years before I spilled water on it and had to get a new phone. So I went out and 
Never try... I bought this antenna for get better receive.But the one meter wire works better than this.Does not make any differance if you connect to power or not.I dont 
Disappointed across the board. This phone replaces a Siemens 2.4 Ghz system that had served us well for 6 years. We have been using this phone for about 45 days. 
Worked for 1 year, but I am trying a Logitech now. I had to buy a new one, and I chose another brand Logitech this time.There is no On Off 
Specs aren t 100 correct. I purchased this and am not impressed. Note that works with all click wheel iPods isn t true. It does NOT work with photo iPods 
Not Worth the Time or Money!. We just purchased this from a different vendor. Thank goodness we don t have to deal with return shipping!! My husband plugged it in 
Stinks - the smell just doesn t go away. I have had it for 3 weeks now, the smell from the back of thegel pad does not go away. It 
It s crap. These are some of the worst ear buds I have heard since the very first ones came out. Voices are muted, highs are muddy, and lows are 
Uncomfortable and bad sound. These are horrible, I have small ears and these keep popping off my head, and hurt to wear. I couldn t get these off my head 
BEWARE!. It s probably a great product, but BEWARE this is a 1GBx2 kit NOT a 2GBx1 kit as is implied by the listing and picture. Crucial s website is 
Not that good. These headphones look great but I found them to be very uncomfortable, I tried them while excercising and was very difficult to get them to fit my 
Junk. The idea is great. The implementation is terrible.To start with, the remote shouldn t really be called a remote since you have to be within 5 feet for it 
Okay, but heavy. The Rhinoskin case works fine. The nano fits well in the case. No problems getting it in and out. My issue with the case is the weight. 
Just plain awful!. Bought this speker for my G4 ibook. Should have save my . Spealers are not much better than internal ibook speakers  
Don t waste your money. We bought this because we wanted to be able to send a 10 page fax well. It constantly pulls more than one page if you 
Shipping and handling. The chare for shipping and handling of this small item was RIDICULOUS! I would have been better off buying at a Retail Store.  
many people are having charging cradle problems. Once you get this remote working -- which I found challenging, and I work with computers all day long -- you ll definitely 
Complete waste of money. This product seems to be more expensive than similar products that do the same thing. I have no clue why that is. This thing does NOT 
Too hard to open. It is difficult not to break them when first trying to open them. On the flip side once they have been opened once, they don t 
What QAM??. I just got it and am fighting my way through getting it to work in Vista Ultimate. It claims to have a QAM tuner, but I ll be 
Odd Scanner. This is a very odd scanner. You can only program frequencies as you hear them. You cannot program frequencies using the keyboard. This scanner is virtually useless to 
This product doesn t work. The case is waterproof, I ll give them that, but the earphones just don t work when swimming. The plastic seals that should fit in 
Spend a little more... I bought this to record Tivo DVR stuff to DVD. Worst frame rate capture and audio capture of .avi s of the four different devices I 
lousy back up service if real problem Brother never answers phone. our MFC - 8840DN worked fine until a paper jam inside the machine caused damage that couldn t be 
It Died after minimal use less than a year. I purchased this for my laptop. It worked great at first. There were blue and red lights that would brighten up 
not worth the money. It made little notable difference or improvement.I would not recommend this product for small scratches and it only makes minor improvements to anything more serious.  
Doesn t fit my Dell Latitude. Unless Amazon sent me the wrong one i disposed of the wrapper before finding out this model doens t even come close to fitting 
Have Vista - Don t bother. I m running a nice Dell laptop with Vista Ultimate. I bought this firewire card to connect to a new external SATA drive that 
Sad! Because I have to keep it for my birthday!. This Philips HTS3400 DVD has all the features I need, but its mp3 player is really bad: Audio just pops 
Software installs perfectly on ME. ...if you don t mind an installation taking about an hour and a half. The installation was much faster on our XP sp2 -- except 
Slow and unreliable. I have had this printer for almost four years now, and while it has saved my bacon on the road a number of times, it has also 
not happy. The battery packs in these walkie talkies last for about an hour only- I am very disappointed in the quality. We need them for emergencies throughout the day- 
ADESSO 2.4 GHS WIRELESS TOUCHPAD KEYBOARD. IT EATS BATTERIES LIKE MY KIDS DO POTATO CHIPS. IN 3 MONTHS 3 KEYES HAVE CEASED TO FUNCTION. SHOULD HAVE LIGHTS TO SHOW CAPS 
Good idea, bad software. I really liked the idea of this product, and they have some good templates, but after putting hours into designing the book and writing up captions, 
sucks. Item was received bad, not able to use, and you refused to accept it back.The response from Amazon was to resell it!!!!!!!!I also contacted the shipper and they also 
2 of 10 coasters. If they weren t free, I d give them 1 star. Media code: MCC 01RG20. 2 of 10 were coasters at 4X with my DVDRW IDE1008 
The WORST printer I have ever used!. This printer is GARBAGE. I have used printers since 1989 and this is definitely the worst. I owned a few Epsons with no 
Wish it was like the old style-this one s terrible. I have two previous versions of Case Logic large capacity DVD wallets. This new one is almost twice as big 
Avoid this product. I have been a fan of Western Digital hard drives for many years, but that ended with this product. I purchased an Essential Edition 250GB drive for 
Not so good after all. this product was good for the first week but didnt last long became very fuzzy and now we have to purchase new one  
Why Pay Too Much?. Why pay 46.75 for this battery when you can get the same thing made by another manufacturer Impact for only 19.95 at B&H Photo and Video. 
Great idea, needs work. The sound is much better than other ipod satellite speakers I have used, but still substandard. The blue backlight is way to bright, it lights up 
Be careful as to your PC configuration. I bought this unit and was excited to see how it performed. It turned on and acquired the satellites within 10 minitues initially, 
Too Dark. Any pictures that I have printed with the color cartridge have come out too dard  
Worked great at first, till it only started taking left turns... I was impressed with this controller at first, and found it to feel comfortable, and work well. It was 
Christmas Bummer. The unit looks good and sounds good, but it will only play about 1 out of 10 discs that I try it on. A total bummer on xmas 
DO NOT BUY. Faxes are received as bar codes. HP knows a problem exist with the formatter board but it took 4 calls to customer support for the problem to 
A real Troubled Lemon! Stay Away!. I purchased this unit about 18 months ago. After the warranty ran out, the unit first quit working with -R media. Then there is 
iLive. I am extremely disappointed in this product. The blue light is obnoxiously bright, the alarm comes on at a very high volume everytime, regardless of where you set it, 
Totally useless... I m often skeptical of Amazon reviews, so I went ahead and gambled 25. Losing bet. These things are completely worthless.I can t imagine whose head these might 
Don t Buy It - You ll Regret It. There are brands I trust and ones I don t. Sony has always been a trusted brand. But after buying and 
bad experience. Though I ve heard good things from this drive and SEAGATE is a prestigous brand which is why I mark it 2 stars eventhough I couldn t never 
BUYER BEWARE. I read Mr Ms Sparks glowing review and felt someone needed to mention some of the not so good aspects of this device:If you are a Windows XP 
not usable due to SonicStage. Hardware awesome, software a flop. Since you HAVE to use their software the package is destroyed. I will give you the final nail on the 
Cavalry CAUE37250 3.5 External Module Hard Drive. This seems like a great value for the money... but, the drive is actually 233GB formatted and I have noticed it runs VERY 
Possibly incompatible with firewire. I have had a major problem with this dock. Which is that I can t get it to work with any firewire cable except the one 
Starts out okay, but the shine fades after a few weeks. The only good thing I can say is the print quality is fine and the wireless network works. But...software 
Not such a good buy in the long run. I have owned two GPS hanhelds by Magellan. Technically, the product is ok, performs well, but the main problems surface with 
